TALENT DIRECTORY
Sloan 2021
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
Dean
François Ortalo-Magné
Onwards, 
look forward to celebrating the success of the 2021 graduates in the years to come.
At LBS, we feel particularly proud of the students we attract, select and prepare with our Sloan Masters. I 
movers and shakers, inspiring excellence and delivering impact in organisations around the world. 
talent of the LBS network.  Their insights and experience enrich us in turn. They are and will continue to be 
a commitment to life-long learning anchored in academic research and enriched by the diversity and 
impact on the way the world does business. In choosing to join our community, they have demonstrated 
The individuals that make up our Sloan Class of 2021 are already successful leaders, having had a profound 
learning environment that truly embodies the best of LBS. 
breadth and diversity of experiences and their interactions with faculty create a unique and dynamic 
journey focused around leadership, strategy and general management. Our Sloan Fellows’ outstanding 
School of Management. The programme provides an intensive, highly personalised 12-month learning 
business schools globally: London Business School, Stanford Graduate School of Business and MIT Sloan 
now the pre-eminent full-time qualification for experienced leaders. It is offered by only three prestigious 
Created in 1930 as the world’s first mid-career degree in leadership and strategy, the Sloan Masters is 
and remarkable record of accomplishment in their working lives.
sector – spans a diverse range of industries.  Together, they represent 22 nationalities and have a proven 
cohort.  Their professional  experience - gained within corporations, as entrepreneurs and in the public 
With an average of 19 years leadership experience, these Sloan Fellows form our School’s most seasoned 
Class of 2021. 
It is my pleasure to introduce an outstanding group of global leaders: the London Business School Sloan 
From the Dean
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
Adjunct Professor of Strategy and Entrepreneurship
Marcus Alexander
worthy futures of challenge and contribution in equal measure.”
to work with them in moving from their very successful first careers to whatever they see as 
and admire them. They are a very special and unique group. It has been my greatest privilege 
‘great ideas’ work; or as enthusiastic and realistic as to what can be changed and how. I love 
questioning of all propositions; as pragmatic in wanting to know how to actually make any 
Agility. They are a constant joy and challenge; no other group is as difficult to convince; as 
Level Strategy, Mergers, Alliances & Acquisitions and my latest course on Achieving Strategic 
have subsequently had many of them in mixed elective courses over the years in Corporate-
with than the Sloan Fellowship. I taught them the core strategy course for several years and 
School. I can honestly say that there is no ‘student group’ that I have more enjoyed working 
“I have taught at Business Schools for over 30 years, and for over 20 years at London Business 
David and Molly Pyott Foundation Director, The Hive
Adjunct Professor of Strategy and Entrepreneurship
Jessica Spungin
expertise. “
always a transformation in the way they absorb the new concepts and apply them to their own 
those who have been out of the classroom for 20+ years, but by the end of the term, there is 
I teach the core strategy concepts in the first term, which can be a shock to the system for 
a conscious choice to invest in personal renewal of their knowledge and their career choices. 
and knowledge in the room. Everyone is hungry to learn and mature enough to have made 
“I absolutely love teaching the Sloan programme because of the sheer range of expertise 
Chair, Organisational Behaviour Faculty
Professor of Organisational Behaviour
Charles Handy Chair in Organisational Behaviour
Herminia Ibarra
personal and conceptual learning.”
an instructor, it’s really rewarding (and fun) to see your students engage in such a rich mix of 
questions:” Who am I? Who do I want to become? What do I drop; what do I take forward? As 
bring such a wealth of experience but because so many are actively grappling with the “big 
primary areas of research interest. That makes conversations fascinating, not just because they 
that many of the Sloans come to LBS to make a mid-career transition, and that is one of my 
been a fantastic experience since. For me, a big part of the enjoyment comes from the fact 
“I was lucky enough to be assigned the Sloans when I arrived at LBS five years ago and it’s 
Former Dean at London Business School
Professor of Management Practice in Accounting
Sir Andrew Likierman
make a change at an important moment in their lives and I am proud to contribute to that.”
profits.  The Sloan is not just another degree programme.  It is a group of people determined to 
countries and environments ranging from sole proprietors to multinational giants and not-for-
bring such a wealth of experience.  They also bring insights from years of working in different 
discussions are lively.  On the Sloan programme they are even more lively because participants 
that those of us who are involved with the programme have a special affection for it.  At LBS, 
“I’ve had the pleasure of teaching the Sloan programme for many years and it’s no accident 
From the professors
----------------Page (2) Break----------------
LBS Sloan Masters | Graduating Class of 2020
5
Please note that programme statistics have been rounded to the nearest whole number.
Other
9%
Other
Strategist
24%
2%
Property/Real Estate
Human Resources
2%
2%
Public/Not-for-Profit
Engineering
4%
2%
Oil & Gas
Civil Service/Government
4%
2%
Business/Consumer Services
Business Development
4%
2%
Aerospace/Aviation
Healthcare
4%
4%
ConsultingConsultant
5%
5%
Industry/Manufacturing/ConstructionMarketing/Sales
6%
6%
Media/MarketingEntrepreneur
8%
8%
Project/Product Management
IT/Telecommunications
9%
9%
Finance
Healthcare/Pharmaceuticals/Biotechnology
11%
19%
General Management
Finance
19%
30%
Industry by sectorJob function
(incl. Caribbean)
Africa/Middle East
Latin America
8%
South Asia
4%
32%
North America
9%
United Kingdom
11%920
 (excl. UK)
Europe
9	29
10%
26%
Nationality by region  
(average) (range) 
experience experience 
students women nationalitiesyears of work years of work 
5323%201810 to 31
Class profile 
Graduating class of 2021
and Strategy
Sloan Masters in Leadership 
----------------Page (3) Break----------------
Management
and Infrastructure | Asset 
General Counsel | Power 
General Counsel / Assistant 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
Transactions 
the Middle East.
Partnerships | Capital Markets 
development and operation of data centres in remote locations in 
Project Finance | Public-Private 
multimillion U.S. dollar co-investment transaction for the design, 
Mergers & Acquisitions | 
•       40+ MW Data Centres: structured and negotiated a strategic 20-year 
Functional expertise
petroleum companies.
co-investment and in negotiations with one of the world’s largest 
Industrials 
represented a leading U.S.-based chemicals company in a strategic 
Infrastructure | Power | 
•       US$ 11 billion Gasification, Power, and Air Separation Complex: 
Previous industry experience
concession and development projects for container port terminals.
the Saudi Arabian marine ports regulator in connection with three 
Execution | Deal Negotiations 
negotiations, structuring and drafting workstreams on behalf of 
Strategic Advice | Transaction 
• US$ 5+ billion Port Development and Operation Projects: led 
Skills
Career highlights
University 
with business teams to execute a variety of international transactions. 
Juris Doctor Fordham 
I am seeking to join a company’s in-house legal team working closely 
M.S., B.S. Info. & Systems Eng.
Admitted to the New York State bar in 2013.
London Business School 
and London.
Sloan 2021
Track record of professional and academic success in New York, Dubai 
Education
on the EMEA region.
equity) and infrastructure development and financing, with a focus 
alnajjab-2b7b2b11/
ventures/co-investments, capital markets transactions (both debt and 
linkedin.com/in/muhannad-
acquisitions (by both private equity and strategic investors), joint 
United Kingdom
expertise in a wide range of transactions, including mergers and 
malnajjab.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Experienced attorney offering multidisciplinary and international 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Associate, Latham & Watkins LLP
Muhannad AlNajjab
----------------Page (4) Break----------------
companies in 2016 and had ¥57 trillion AUM as of March 2021.
Management One, which was created by the merger of three 
•       Managed the management and post-merger integration of Asset 
improving service delivery.
pension funds by developing an optimal pension sales structure and 
•       Made a significant contribution to the long-term stability of clients’ 
management company.
for individuals, c) the use of digital technology, and d) the ideal asset 
business in Japan, b) expansion of long-term diversified investment 
Equity
for the future growth on a) a historical view of asset management 
Alternative Investment | Private 
•                       Led the project team and proposed to executives necessary changes 
Asset Management | 
 Career highlights
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
promoting interaction between the members and self-development.
He also planned and operated events for enriching leisure time, 
Business Management  
development of a friendly working environment for the members. 
Business Development | 
many Mizuho Bank and Trust Bank workplaces, working on the 
Strategy Development | 
from 2011 to 2013. As a union manager, he was responsible for 
Financial Group Trade Union representative from 26,000 members 
Functional expertise
healthier and more productive lives, he was elected as a Mizuho 
Additionally, owing to his desire for better working conditions and 
Banking 
Asset Management | Retail 
system renewal project.
authorities, and e) managing the progress of the banking account 
Previous industry experience
enhancing relationships with institutional investors and financial 
and controlling the annual budget and human resources, d) 
Problem Solving 
developing the annual and mid-term business strategy, c) allocating 
| Relationship Building | 
banking, trust, securities and asset management functions, b) 
Collabprative Style Leadership
instrumental in a) coordinating collaboration among Mizuho’s 
Skills
In the Asset Management Division, as team leader, Takashi was 
the project team to design a long-term sustainable business strategy.
University, Japan  
were further refined in the process of leading the diverse members of 
Bachelor of Law, Gakushuin 
empathetic, collaborative leadership style and conceptual thinking 
London Business School
foundation of Mizuho’s asset management business strategy. His 
Sloan 2021
external experts from October 2013 to March 2016 and built the 
Education                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Takashi managed a project team consisting of 30 internal and 
and asset management business.
amemiya-7176401b4
general management, strategy, marketing and sales in retail banking 
linkedin.com/in/takashi-
He has in-depth knowledge and extensive experience spanning 
United Kingdom
Japanese banking group, with an 18-year career.
tamemiya.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Takashi is a senior vice president of Mizuho Financial Group, a 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Senior Vice President, Mizuho Financial Group
Takashi Amemiya
----------------Page (5) Break----------------
in the hospitality industry.
performance trends to financiers, owners, operators and consultants 
to gain global leadership. Respected and trusted commentator on 
•                       Built up brand and analytical capability in newly-formed company 
industries | Be a change-maker
roles in customer-focused 
Marriott International.
Strategy and transformation 
three year strategy for Sales & Marketing disciplines in Europe for 
responses to business challenges; developed and aligned on the 
to explore
•                       Prepared analysis, insights and ideas to formulate key strategic 
Industries / functions keen 
the change and project management of the transformation.
Marketing 
international stakeholders and senior leaders to plan and execute 
Program Management | 
the largest merger in hospitality for Europe. Collaborating with 
| Change Management | 
•                       Led the successful integration of teams and systems following 
Transformation | Strategy 
Career highlights
Functional expertise
French; and has lived in UK, Germany, and USA. 
wellbeing within it. She speaks English, German, and conversational 
Hospitality 
business and engages in her local community to enhance the 
Consulting/Data Analysis | 
Konstanze supports her family’s art gallery and holiday apartment 
Previous industry experience
clients.
working with cross-cultural teams to achieve excellent results for her 
building 
change. Konstanze enjoys working in a fast-paced environment, 
Development | Relationship 
solutions for business-critical challenges, gains alignment and drives 
Leading Change | Solution 
who together with senior stakeholders from various functions seeks 
Strategic Thinking | 
and takes initiative to enhance business performance. A collaborator 
Skills
a thought-leader moving easily from the big picture to the detail 
 
ability to bring together different perspectives to get results. She is 
Hotelfachfrau Apprenticeship
The past roles enabled her to build upon her curiosity, creativity and 
& Planning
trends at industry conferences and in the media.
BA (1st class Honours) Tourism 
formed company and commented frequently on hotel performance 
London Business School 
successfully developed the international brand presence of the newly 
Sloan 2021
division of STR, the global leader in hotel benchmarking. She 
she was responsible for the marketing strategy of the international 
Education
costs and drive customer acquisition and retention. Prior Marriott, 
develop solutions and new strategies to improve efficiencies, control 
auernheimer-ab36054/
East and Africa. She collaborated with the senior leaders globally to 
linkedin.com/in/konstanze-
restructuring, and strategy development across Europe, Middle 
United Kingdom / Germany
projects and programs in post-merger integration, organisational 
london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               In her recent role at Marriott International, she led cross-functional 
kauernheimer.sln2021@                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Konstanze is an experienced strategy and transformation leader. 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Planning, Strategy & Transformation leader
Auernheimer
Konstanze 
----------------Page (6) Break----------------
and got recognised by the CEO & Fund Manager in townhall.
and running a sales drive with contests R&R. Resulted in $350mil AUM 
the product team, ensuring the grand roll out in the whole country 
Investing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                •                      Successfully designed bespoke fund for one of the largest banks with 
Management | ESG/Impact 
top line.
Hedge Fund | Asset 
to 50 members team which contributed 35% of the business to the 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                •       Build distribution channels for the firm from single-member team 
Industries / functions keen 
investment fund.
which generated a business of $10mil in our equity alternative 
Management 
due to the previous relationship management with Reliance AMC 
(Distribution) Relationship 
•      Successfully moved one of the largest wealth outfits to IIFL AMC 
Family Office Sales | B2B 
Career highlights
Financial Planning | HNI & 
Functional expertise
dancer, and amateur wine connoisseur.
18. In addition, she is a globetrotter & passionate traveller, trained folk 
Asset Management | Insurance
women with household incomes of ~$50 per month since she was 
She has been working with blind women’s non-profit of 3000+ blind 
Previous industry experience
She is extremely passionate about giving back to the less privileged. 
Development 
management & leading multi-cultural teams.
Leading Sales Teams Business | 
knowledge-seeking individual. Her biggest strengths are relationship 
Relationship Management | 
the front authentically. She is a curious, growth-minded, and 
She enjoys working in a dynamic environment and leads from 
Skills
training & development.
MBA (Marketing) | BCA
has been a part of the talent pool in all her organisation for special 
& NBFCs after identifying the value curve in the product offering. She 
London Business School 
her region. She has helped develop bespoke funds for certain banks 
Sloan 2021
She is known for building businesses and distribution channels in 
Education
long-only equity, Private Equity & real estate space on her own.
banks, NBFCs & HNIs, raising around $160mil for alternative funds in 
botadra-26632719/
has worked with industry leaders and managed family offices, large 
.linkedin.com/in/binoli-b-
excellent relationships with key stakeholders in financial services. She 
India
generating new businesses through strategic initiatives, and driving 
bbotadara.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Binoli Botadara has more than 16 years of a career track in fundraising, 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Vice President, IIFL Asset Management Limited
Binoli Botadara
----------------Page (7) Break----------------
Energy | Sport
PE-owned companies |
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
in the period of nearly 15 years.
•                       Contributed and managed to constant multiple EBITDA growth rates 
Governance | Strategy
including relationship management with EBRD.
Finance | Corporate 
cross-country corporate structures amounting at around EUR 400m 
Functional expertise
•        Multiple times dealt and managed syndicated loans in complex 
consideration north of EUR 1.5B.
Telecommunications 
occasions, member of top management in selling companies for total 
Civil Engineering | FMCG | 
amounting to EUR 475m in the PE fund selling process. In two 
Previous industry experience
•        Led finance team, in successful preparation of bond issuance, 
Career highlights
Strategic Planning 
Strategic Financial Decisions | 
motivates, empowers and inspires others to be at their best. 
| Mergers & Acquisitions | 
growth mindset culture and proven Mentor and Rapport Builder who 
Corporate Restructuring 
An outstanding Value Creator through the implementation of a 
Skills
and Capex management.
skilled in negotiations, result-oriented through effective budgeting 
 BSc Economics
Equity owned companies, corporate reorganisation and restructuring, 
London Business School 
top management, in-depth knowledge of growth strategy in Private 
Sloan 2021
financial institution with deep strategic insight and rich experience in 
of English and Spanish. Board Member in several companies and a 
Education
experience in several countries on three continents and knowledge 
buyers. A customer-centric leader with international business 
nenadbrankovic
roles in exit and company sales to major PE funds and strategic 
linkedin.com/in/
acquired by the leading Private Equity Fund, playing one of the key 
United Kingdom
in FMCG and TMT LBOs in South-East Europe in the last 13 years, 
nbrankovic.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       An experienced finance professional with a value creation record 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Sloan Fellow at London Business School
Nenad Brankovic
----------------Page (8) Break----------------
Brazil, helping more than 155k families across the country.
3 Favelas in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Gerando Falcoes is the largest NGO in 
classes in the NGO – Gerando Falcoes – for more than 500 children in 
•                       One of the 10 contributors to create and implement the martial art 
Marketing
Anti- Fraud Management | 
Business against Cyber Attacks.
Startups | Sports & Brand 
Global2000 companies in the Latin America Region to protect their 
CloudComputing and IoT 
•        Achieved projects in the 11 most significant Fortune100 and 
CyberSecurity, 
YoY by 2020.
to explore
people and over 140 Companies. The revenue growth reached 189% 
Industries / functions keen 
expanding the operations across 7 countries with more than 200 
•                      Started and led the Israeli IoT Security startup Forescout Technologies 
Management
Strategy | Product 
Career highlights
Management | GotoMarket 
personally and professionally.  
B2B Sales | Partnership 
and contribute to society, creating better human behaviour, both 
Functional expertise
World Wide Karate Champion believes that sports can transform 
Outside work, he is involved in sports and volunteer work. A Former 
Software 
| CloudComputing | IoT                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            | Tech 
CyberSecurity and anti-fraud space.
Cyber Security and Antifraud 
industry. He is also exploring new opportunities as an entrepreneur at 
Upon graduation, he is considering returning to the B2B High-Tech 
Previous industry experience
investments in profits.
Sales & Partnership 
needs in products/services, weaknesses business in trust process and 
GotoMarket Strategy | B2B 
teams responsible for complete sales-cycle, transforming market 
Protection | Business & 
of the Fortune100 and Global2000 companies, building and leading 
CyberSecurity | Data/Cloud 
Protection, Cloud Computing and IoT, delivering solutions for most 
Management and GTM strategy in Information Security, Data 
Skills
He also has experience leading Business Development, Partnership 
 
Computer Science
value and growth in emerging countries
Bachelor of Engineer in 
turnarounds and influencing global strategies achieving long-term 
devising business strategy, opening new markets territory, business 
Telecommunication 
Technologies, he had a chance to create, lead and track record of 
 MSc in CyberSecurity & 
and successfully Israeli startups like Palo Alto Networks and Forescout 
London Business School 
CyberSecurity leaders of the market such as Intel, Symantec, McAfee 
Sloan 2021
With 16 years of experience working for the most known 
Education
– Intellectual One – safeguarded through their business leverage.
maintain trust in the digital age, keeping their more important property 
fabriciobrasileiro/
to change our life in a better life helping people and companies to 
linkedin.com/in/
passionate for digital life and new technologies innovations/initiatives 
Brazil
A computer engineer, active problem solver, geek, enthusiastic and 
Fabricio is a versatile, influential and results-focused business leader. 
fbrasileiro.sln2021@london.edu
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Cybersecurity | Fraud | Digital Technology
Advisory, Strategy & Growth
Fabricio Brasileiro
----------------Page (9) Break----------------
Circular Economy | Turnaround                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ~USD 2 billion/year.
| Digitalization | Innovation |                                                                                                                                                                                                          budget of ~USD 400 million/year and indirect impact in the P/L of 
| Chemicals | Energy Transition                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       engineering with end-to-end responsibility. Responsible for a 
Metals | Mining | Manufacturing                                                                                                                                                                                                              •        Managed the operations and the technology process control 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    “Oscar” for the metals and mining industry.
Industries / functions keen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 year. Work honoured with the Hunt Kelly Award 2021, considered the 
production increased by 15% and extra revenue of ~USD 260 million/
development                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             •                       Successfully managed the steel plant process turnaround, 
Project Manager | Process 
Capex in the complex and headed the international project team.
and Development | 
investment ever in Brazil. He was in charge of a USD 180 million 
Operations | Research 
steelmaking complex of EUR 5.2 billion, the largest foreign 
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •        Project Manager in the start-up of ThyssenKrupp CSA, a greenfield 
Career highlights
 | Innovation | Circular Economy 
Decarbonization | Digitalization
to explore new opportunities in Europe.
 | Research and Development | 
is currently a Sloan Fellow at London Business School (LBS) and keen 
Metals and Mining | Operations
Daniel obtained his PhD degree in Austria while working full time. He 
Previous industry experience
corporations strategic goals.
top knowledge hubs to bring together individual ambitions and the 
and 6-sigma 
networks with associations, other market players, and worldwide 
Modeling | Lean Manufacturing 
interpersonal skills to establish strong internal and external 
People management | Process 
Daniel likes people and benefits from his natural curiosity and 
Operations Turnaround | 
the work environment to promote agile and sustainable changes.
Skills
designing new teams, making inclusion and diversity a core pillar in 
Moreover, he fully understands how diversity plays a capital role while 
and Metallurgical Engineer
methodology to lead complex transformations.
Master in Process Modeling 
addition, Daniel implemented Lean Manufacturing and the 6-sigma 
Montanuniversität, 
process strategies in a dynamic and uncertain environment. In 
 PhD in Iron/Steel technology at 
crises, operations turnaround, and defining new standards and 
He has a track record of structuring new operations, managing 
London Business School 
Sloan 2021
for a board report, he has proven to be a flexible leader.
share experiences with global industry leaders, and meeting with CEOs 
Education
on the shop floor, participation in worldwide webinars as a panellist to 
works well at different levels and environments. From brainstorming 
linkedin.com/in/DC-Sloan-LBS/
international settings, having business experiences in +20 countries. He 
Brazil 
mining sector with +14 years of leading multicultural teams in 
danielg.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Daniel is an experienced global operations professional in the metals/
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Global Operations and Process Leader
Daniel Carvalho
----------------Page (10) Break----------------
General Management
Operations | Consulting | HR | 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
Chain & Logistics Negotiations
billion USD.
Talent Management | Supply 
organisation while handling sensitive equipment worth more than a 
 Strategy & Operations | HR & 
technical workforce of 650 plus personnel in a complex hierarchical 
learning and development programs, and led a highly specialised 
Functional expertise
•                       Developed highly technical aviation infrastructure, established 
R&D
projects.
Defence | Aviation (Drones) | 
altitudes (18,000 feet and above), while also managing infrastructural 
•                       Handled supply chains and logistics for troops deployed at super high 
Previous industry experience
objectives through inspirational leadership.
Development  
ensuring coherence, efficiency and alignment towards organisational 
Management | Organisational 
•                      Set Up, Upscaled and Transformed multiple organisations while 
| Strategising | Crisis 
Career highlights
Thought Leader & Coach 
Skills
operations.   
 
Arjun is looking to transition into challenging consulting roles in 
Bachelor in Science
After completing his Sloan studies at the London Business School, 
Management
developing its infrastructure in India.
Diploma in Junior 
for drones and has been a pioneer in inducting drone technology & 
He has also worked with IAI Malat (Israel) and DRDO (India) on R&D 
Management 
Diploma in Senior 
negotiations and crisis management.
 Masters in Science                                                                                                                                                                                & talent acquisition, Arjun thrives on challenges and excels in 
supply chains & logistics, infrastructure development, procurements 
London Business School 
Having gained very diverse experience while handling operations, 
Sloan 2021
have helped him scale and transform multiple organisations.
Education
his clear vision, sense of purpose and high tolerance for ambiguity 
synergised manner to achieve organisational objectives. In addition, 
linkedin.com/in/apschabba
strength is his ability to develop, align and lead diverse teams in a 
United Kingdom
risk, time-sensitive work environments over the last 20 years. His core 
Arjun has successfully led multiple hierarchical organisations in high 
achabba.sln2021@london.edu
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Colonel, Indian Army
Arjun PS Chabba
----------------Page (11) Break----------------
Franchising project, marking a first of its kind in PepsiCo’s history.
Award in 2014 in recognition of the innovative Bangladesh Snacks 
•                      Received the PepsiCo CFO Global Finance “Strategic Transformation” 
through intense negotiations spread over 6 months.
Recovered $1MM of time-barred debt from Asahi (franchise partner) 
in 2016 for outstanding delivery of strategic priorities in Australia. 
•                       Presented with the PepsiCo Global Franchise Excellence Award 
companies)
to target the critical “Fun Times Together” demand space.
| Private Equity (Portfolio 
Initiative delivered media benefits > $450MM and enabled PepsiCo 
Consumer Packaged Goods 
UEFA Champions League football tournament valued at $150MM+. 
Management Consulting | 
•                      Developed the business proposal for PepsiCo’s sponsorship of the 
to explore
Career highlights
Industries / functions keen 
operationalize the Global Business Service centre for Europe.
Compliance 
revenue growth. Partnered with PwC to design the structure and 
Management | Governance & 
in a more informed allocation of marketing budgets that drove +6% 
Commercial & Revenue 
collaborating with the Boston Consulting Group - initiative resulted 
Planning & Analysis | 
and aided multi-party negotiation for a corporate planning tool by 
- Acted as a subject matter expert for efficient resource allocation 
Functional expertise
advertisement productivity in Europe etc.).
Consumer Packaged Goods 
proof innovation pipeline in ANZ Beverages, drove $25MM+ of 
of partnership between PepsiCo and Asahi, planned a future 
Previous industry experience
identifying future growth drivers (e.g., revamped the economics 
across multiple stakeholders. Created value for the business by 
CFO | Cross-cultural Leadership
business unit and market unit at PepsiCo whilst driving alignment 
Strategic Planning | Operating 
- Co-led strategy development and implementation at divisional HQ, 
Skills
corporate situations.
am passionate about continuous learning and applying that to 
BCom (1st class Hons), India
Premier League) across multiple layers of the organization. I 
development proposals (e.g., UEFA Champions League, Indian 
Chartered Accountant, India
skills having successfully navigated multimillion dollar business 
Mumbai, India
commercial negotiations with strong interpersonal / collaborative 
 MBA (Finance), SPJIMR, 
grew the business in a mutually profitable way. Skilled in tough 
London Business School                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            business partners (Asahi, Suntory, Yum, Tesco, Walmart etc.) and 
Sloan 2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        - Successfully managed relationships with large, sophisticated 
HQ, e.g., Europe HQ $12bn.
Education
ranging from market unit, e.g., ANZ Beverages $350MM to divisional 
I have held leadership roles across multiple organizational units 
chaudhuri
countries and 12+ business units across Asia, Australia, and Europe. 
linkedin.com/in/indranil-
- Progressive experience within PepsiCo finance function covering 20+ 
India
expertiseacross every facet of the finance function.
ichaudhuri.sln2021@london.edu
I am a global, consumer products industry executive with 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
| PepsiCo | Experience across Asia, Australia, and Europe
Strategy & Finance Executive, CFO in Global CPG companies
Indranil Chaudhuri
----------------Page (12) Break----------------
under management.
successful close of Africa’s first gender focused fund with $100mn 
Director | Sustainability
designed and launched the Nzinga Bootcamp, which led to the 
& Advisory | Non-Executive 
•                      Sourced a $70mn pipeline of gender focused investments and 
Turnarounds | Consulting 
a portfolio of digital financial products.
Executive Management | 
pivot business models, forward integrate into processing and launch 
to explore
execute on international expansion, navigate regulatory landmines, 
Industries / functions keen 
•                      As a non-executive director, worked with portfolio companies to 
an average cost/value multiple of 1.2x.
Financial Advisory
fintech, mobility, energy and agribusinesswith a value of €15mn and 
Management Consulting | 
•        Built a portfolio of 8 growth stage investments in financial services/
Capital | Impact Investing | 
Private Equity/Venture 
Career highlights
Functional expertise
about various topics concerning investing and development.
network of business associates and spoken at conferences and panels 
Mobility 
as a catalyst for transforming lives. She has invested in building a deep 
Fintech | Energy | Agriculture | 
a non-profit entrepreneur community to promote entrepreneurship 
Investing | Financial Services | 
birth Nigeria’s first formal angel investing network and led the birth of 
Previous industry experience
investment ecosystem. She collaborated with other stakeholders to 
Mobola has been an active participant in the advancement of Africa’s 
Management 
investment in sustainable off-grid energy solutions.
| Investing | Portfolio 
working with multinationals and international funders to catalyze 
| General Management 
developed innovative interventions in the renewable energy space, 
Business Strategy & Leadership 
Africa that have a significant impact on the lives of women. She has 
Skills
gender-focused fund to invest in businesses in West and Southern 
Recently, Mobola had the privilege of co-creating a pioneering 
BBA, Accounting & Finance
in the companies’ development and the evolution of their strategies.
 MBA, General Management 
financial support, she worked to create value by playing an active role 
impact. Post investment, via board level representation and non-
London Business School 
a commercial return but also provided positive social/development 
Sloan 2021
Investment Principal, she made investments in companies that earned 
Education
capital into key growth sectors. In her combined role as Partner and 
businesses and a family of investment funds that channeled smart 
silva-a4557212/
As a PE/VC investor, she managed a portfolio of high potential 
linkedin.com/in/mobola-da-
consulting and finance.
United Kingdom
diverse set of accomplishments in private equity, management 
mdasilva.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Over the course of her twenty-year career, Mobola has gained a 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Impact and Sustainability
Non-Executive Director | Investing | Strategy | 
Mobola da-Silva
----------------Page (13) Break----------------
Director | ETA | Social Impact |
Buyouts | ESG | Non executive 
Private Equity | Restructuring | 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
through operational and financial restructuring.
•                      Turnaround of a distressed company in equipment manufacturing 
Restructuring | Transformation
•      Setup 18,000 MTPA facility for recycling lead acid batteries.
| Operations | Investing | 
capacity of 200,000 units per year.
| Finance | Management 
•                      Founded and setup electric vehicle company with manufacturing 
Leadership | Corporate finance
and operations across seven companies. Some highlights include:
Functional expertise
In the last 14 years, Sandeep has been involved in setup, restructure 
Investment banking 
Career highlights
vehicles | Real estate | 
Manufacturing | Electric 
after joining the Sloan program.        
Financial services | 
Sandeep has moved into a non-executive role at his organisations 
Previous industry experience
of a charitable school in Bangalore, India.
entrepreneurship initiatives. He also previously worked on the board 
| Advisory and mentoring 
of a large educational institution in India, leading the startup and 
new and innovative businesses
Apart from his entrepreneurial role, Sandeep also serves on the board 
Finance and strategy | Building 
across various sectors, including infrastructure, real estate and media.
Skills
India. As part of these teams, he was involved in several landmark deals 
corporate finance advisory teams in London and later in Mumbai, 
(Mechanical), VTU, India 
Sandeep began his career as an M&A banker with Rothschild in their 
Bachelor of Engineering 
in setting up international supply chains and distribution networks.
(Cass) Business School 
focus on business growth and profitability. In addition, he has experience 
 Masters in Finance, Bayes                                                                                                                                                                                               Sandeep has founded and run businesses with P&L responsibility and 
London Business School                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      teams and growing organisations through mentoring and support.
and operational skills. He is also adept at building high-performance 
Sloan 2021
He has significant skills in leadership, growth, turnaround, financial 
Education
investing and sale of businesses successfully.
sectors. In addition, he has hands-on experience in raising funds, 
linkedin.com/in/sandeepdama
financial services, electric mobility, real estate and manufacturing 
United Kingdom / India 
in establishing, building and leading innovative businesses across 
sdamareddy.sln2021@london. edu
Sandeep is a serial entrepreneur with over 14 years of experience 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Entrepreneur and Board Member
Sandeep Dama
----------------Page (14) Break----------------
soldiers.
for US forces in Baghdad and western Iraq, totaling over 30,000 
•                       Planned and monitored the transportation draw down requirements 
leading European bank.
brands and marketing department (made up of ~1000 people) of a 
•                       Led a multidisciplinary team to redesign the operating model of the 
| Strategy
by 45,000 customers per annum.
Financial Services | Technology 
28% increase in Net Promoter Score and reduced customer attrition 
to explore
banks in Mexico by applying a service design approach. Resulted in 
Industries / functions keen 
•                      Redesigned a credit card customer journey for one of the largest 
Career highlights
design | Customer Experience
Strategy | Operating model
customer experiences a via a design-led approach.        
Functional expertise
MSc, his career has focused on helping companies transform their 
access micro-finance loans. Since finishing his MBA and his Parsons 
Consulting 
as a Kiva fellow, helping women and the LGBT community in Ecuador 
Multinational NGOs | 
Asia. Following his military service, Leo took a gap year and working 
Financial services | 
organizations ranging from 45 -1500 people in the USA, Europe, and 
Leo began his career as an officer in the US Army where he led 
Previous industry experience
brief is exceeded.
Transformation | Leadership 
encourages creativity, while simultaneously ensuring that the client’s 
Complex Problem Solving |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        is possible to create an environment that fosters innovation and 
Strategy Development |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  an engagement manager with client ownership, Leo believes it 
the creation and implementation of highly effective solutions. As 
Skills
facilitating multicultural and multidisciplinary teams, allowing 
Key to Leo’s success is his inclusive approach to leading and 
MBA (Cranfield SOM) 
Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Colombia, and Italy.
(Parsons School of Design)
in delivering transformations for his FTSE 100 clients in the UK, USA, 
 MSc in Strategic Design
operations. In his six years as a consultant, Leo has been instrumental 
London Business School                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      with a track record of bridging design, strategy, analytics, and 
Sloan 2021                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        This unique background has made Leo an award-winning innovator 
international organizations.
Education
and as a strategy and transformation consultation for leading 
for the US Military, a Non-Profit Fellow working in poverty alleviation, 
moretta
The breadth of his experience includes serving as a strategic planner 
linkedin.com/in/leonard-della-
has led to him to take on diverse projects in a wide variety of arenas. 
United Kingdom
organizations solve their most difficult problems. Leo’s innate curiosity 
leod.sln2021@london.edu
Over the course of two decades, Leo has been driven to help 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Managing Consultant, Gobeyond Partners
Della-Moretta
Leonard 
----------------Page (15) Break----------------
Impact | Advertising
Teach & Media | Ed-tech | Social 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    resulting in market share growth from 24% to 40% over three years.
Industries / functions keen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 million, at The Times of India group, she launched new products 
•        As national head for financial services advertising business US$ 42 
Management
opportunity; introduced “Poker For People” initiative, US$ 2 million.
| Digital Content | Revenue
subscriptions and transactions. Launched Gaming as a big business 
Business Strategy & Marketing
via diversified revenue streams, technology-aided solutions, 
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •        At Moneycontrol.com, she led strategy to drive business growth 
solutions business US$ 9 million, for CNBC TV 18, CNN News 18.
Entertainment 
team of Regional Managers; before this, managed the strategic brand 
Telecom | Media & 
for Moneycontrol.com; Indian equivalent of Bloomberg through a 
Previous industry experience                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            •      Led the Digital Strategy & Revenue business US$ 3 million, nationally, 
Career highlights
Teams 
development | Mentoring 
market insight into actionable business strategy and scale revenue.  
management | Business 
environment. She is especially successful in translating customer and 
Leadership | Stakeholder 
appreciate diverse mindsets, create a collaborative, and inclusive work 
Her academic background in Psychology helps her understand and 
Skills
most of her decisions, people are at the center of critical ones.
MA-Psychology
combination of logic, experience and instinct. While data substantiates 
finds innovative ways to solve problems. Her approach to business is a 
 Executive MBA 
Sandhya is calm and composed under pressure, thinks laterally and 
London Business School 
emerging trends, consumer behavior and attention to detail.
Sloan 2021
She has an entrepreneurial mindset focusing on learning, innovation, 
Education
accelerated revenue growth across digital, electronic and print media. 
She has led large multicultural teams, managed stakeholders and 
073a5520
offline and online media platforms.
linkedin.com/in/sandhya-dhar-
transformation within the media & entertainment sector, across 
United Kingdom
in sales & marketing, strategy planning, branded content and digital 
sandidhar@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Sandhya is a senior business leader with over 20-years of experience 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Vice President-Network 18 Media & Investments
Sandhya Dhar
----------------Page (16) Break----------------
at-risk foods in menus contributing to ecological sustainability.
Guest judge and speaker in hospitality events in India. eliminated all 
conducted culinary workshops for Indian Navy culinary officers. 
• Episode judge on MasterChef India season 5, aired globally, 
with food vendors and securing over 5% annual savings on costs.
NED | Sustainability
and customer feedback. Part of Mumbai hotels cluster to negotiate 
Brand consulting and design | 
curate healthy and sustainable offerings as per brand positioning 
Luxury hospitality and travel | 
• Member of Westin Eat Well Culinary Council at APAC region, to 
to explore
Mumbai’s leading school belonging to hotel ownership.
Industries / functions keen 
the kitchens as well as culinary strategy. Opened two health cafes in 
super luxury hotel in its pre-opening stage to formulate and design 
Strategy
•        Project management at Ritz-Carlton, Mumbai – Mumbai’s latest 
| Creativity | Customer service |
Career highlights
Hospitality operations | Brands
Functional expertise
his pursuits.  
Rahul loves gastronomy, leisure travel, auteur cinema and writing as 
operations 
with a focus on ecological compliance as part of supply chain.
Retail | Airlines | Cruise
for him. He worked with Humane Society of India to promote vendors 
Hospitality – Hotels & Resorts |
Sustainability, water conservation, food wastage are important causes 
Previous industry experience
credo.
and vendors. Personalisation and authenticity in relationships are his 
Team building 
and relations with hotel asset ownership, diverse hotel teams, guests 
management | Storytelling |
Rahul excels at stakeholder management with excellent rapport 
development | Relationship
Communication | Concept
industries.
diverse geographies and markets in hospitality, retail and cruise 
Skills
communicate with the targeted audience. He has worked across 
media. He has in-depth understanding of hotel brands and how they 
IHM Mumbai, India
focused and a strong believer in customer loyalty and use of social 
and Development, India
results in growth of sales and profitability. He is extremely customer 
 The Oberoi Centre of Learning 
several restaurants, bars and banquets and demonstrated proven 
creative abilities in and outside culinary venues and has directed 
London Business School 
professionals in his team, all handpicked by himself. Rahul has very 
Sloan 2021
of Marriott International portfolio, where he led a team of 120+ young 
Education
He was an executive chef at The Westin Mumbai Garden City, a part 
stakeholders.
linkedin.com/in/rahuldhavale
drive strategy for achieving sustained growth and deliver value to 
India
with a strong focus on building culture and multinational teams to 
rdhavale.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Rahul is a passionate and an international hospitality professional 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Executive Chef, Marriott International, India
Rahul Dhavale
----------------Page (17) Break----------------
Coverage
| Sovereign Advisory | Client 
and Infrastructure Finance 
options and managed its related credit spread risks.
Asset Management | Project 
during the 2008 financial crisis, quoted, priced equity derivatives 
to explore
• Oversaw a €1.4 Billion portfolio of Total Return Swap on CAC 40 
Industries / functions keen 
Project Manager for an electronic pricing platform.
• Oversaw a 5+ team of IT Quants, Sales and Business Analysts as 
valuation
derivatives pricing and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                related risks during 2011 european crisis and Brexit.
Project Management | Equity                                                                                                                                                                                                         • Oversaw a €750M portfolio of equity derivatives options and its 
Portfolio Management | 
almost €900M.
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        platform service for more than 650 financial products valued at 
•        Working as a Project Manager on implementing a cross valuation 
Finance 
Career highlights
Capital Markets/Banking | 
country, the Republic of Congo.
Previous industry experience
now working on a personal project to support orphans in his native 
builds schools in Cameroon and Central African Republic. He is 
restructuration 
Steve is involved in charities that offer children assistantship and 
management | Deal 
structuration | Risk 
Kituba and Makua.
Hedge funds product 
speaks six languages which are French, Lingala, Romania, English, 
minded and always eager to learn new languages and cultures; he 
Skills
African Republic, Romania, Morocco, and France. Steve is very open-
Born and raised in the Republic of Congo, Steve lived in the Central 
(INSEEC)
Msc In financial Markets 
support and mentoring to new team members and junior staff.
supportive to his team members. He also always available to offer 
Oxford)
and difficult environments. Steve is structured, focused and very 
Strategy (Said Business School, 
Steve is at his best when solving complex problems in challenging 
 Post Graduate Financial 
their problems.
London Business School 
need and offer his expertise to find the most profitable solution to 
Sloan 2021
funds and asset managers. In addition, he enjoys listening to clients’ 
Education
engineering teams to find the best investment solutions for hedge 
Steve is passionate about working with sales and financial 
ekandzi-9243779
Brexit. He is result-driven and passionate about emerging markets.
linkedin.com/in/steve-andy- 
complex financial portfolio during market turmoil in 2008, 2011 and 
France
experience in capital markets industry, who successfully handled 
sekandzi.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                          Steve is a successful equity derivatives trader with 17 years of working 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Equity Derivatives Trader, Natixis
Steve Andy Ekandzi
----------------Page (18) Break----------------
capital spend.
European footprint (6 countries) to increase synergies and optimise 
Appraisal process to effectively manage Capital Allocation on the 
•                       Designed, implemented and led the roll-out of a New Investment 
planning cycles.
alignment of strategic, operational and financial plans with shorter 
NED
Strategic Plan to ensure a step-change in resource allocation and 
| PE | IFI/DFI | Infrastructure | 
•                       Owned, led the development and effectively implemented a single 
Technology | Energy | Fintech 
the independent voice of customers and senior stakeholders.
to explore
Board, led the implementation of enhanced governance by being 
Industries / functions keen 
•        As Chair of the Business Transformation Programme Management 
Procurement | B2B | Wholesale
Career highlights
Transformation | Operations | 
Finance | Strategy | Digital 
Schools.
regattas organised by the MBA Sailing League led by top Business 
Functional expertise
change in their communities. A keen sailor, she enjoys taking part in 
in 2000, a recognition awarded to young leaders that promoted 
Technology 
she won the First Prize ‘Challenge to Excellence’ by Procter & Gamble 
Telecommunications | 
of the ‘GE Eco Imagination at Work’ Competition in 2006. In addition, 
Previous industry experience
mentor young female professionals in the company. She was a finalist 
in Leadership cohort in Telefonica and leveraged this experience to 
business challenge solving 
attend her MBA in 2005. She was selected as part of the first Women 
cross-functional, cross-border 
and was awarded a full-time Fundación Carolina Scholarship to 
development | Complex,
(UK). Laura has consistently been part of the talent pool of Telefonica 
Senior leadership | Talent 
Executive Development programmes at Stanford GSB (US) and LBS 
MBA from IE Business School (Spain). In addition, she has attended 
Skills
Aires Institute of Technology (Argentina) and holds an International 
An Electronic Engineer by training, she graduated from the Buenos 
Technology
Buenos Aires Institute of 
started in the Business Division of Alcatel in 2000.
Electronic Engineering, 
in Spain and Telefonica de Argentina from 2001 to 2011. Her career 
Engineering areas of Telefonica, both at Telefonica Latin America 
 International MBA, IE
Europe. Laura held different positions in the Finance, Strategy and 
London Business School 
Telefonica Europe and served as Head of Investment for Telefonica 
Sloan 2021
at O2 UK. In 2013, she was appointed Group Financial Controller for 
Vodafone since 2017. Prior to this, she was Head of Strategic Planning 
Education
Director of CTIL, O2’s 50:50 network sharing joint venture with 
Programme Management Board at O2 UK. Laura was also a Board 
fernandez-laura
and Transformation and Chair of the Digital Transformation 
linkedin.com/in/
Sloan Programme at LBS, Laura was Finance Director for Operations 
United Kingdom
developed mainly in Europe and Latin America. Before joining the 
lfernandez.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                              Laura has 20 years of leadership experience in the Telecom Sector, 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
O2 UK Board Director, CTIL
Finance Director, Operations and Transformation, 
Laura Fernandez
----------------Page (19) Break----------------
Fintech | Corporate Strategy 
Business with social impact | 
project as Mandated Lead Arranger (totalling US$2 billion).
to explore
•       Led and closed the financing of Indonesian coal-fired power plant 
Industries / functions keen 
maintained a balance between revenue and staff expense with H.R.
Finance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              the U.S. subsidiary to implement pay for performance concept and 
| Stakeholder management |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •                      Established a new bonus scheme for two thousand employees in 
Strategy | Risk management 
strengthening governance; approved by the Board.
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        business groups of MUFG with Finance and Strategy teams for 
•                       Led the implementation of Risk Appetite Framework across all 
Foreign Affairs of Japan) 
Career highlights
| Government (Ministry of 
Banking (Japan and the U.S.) 
five years, and he always enjoys the cultural differences.
deals in Asia. His working locations have been changing every four or 
Previous industry experience
manager role in MUFG Bank’s U.S. subsidiary and project finance 
And he has extensive international experience, including a financial 
Negotiation 
Accounting | Project Finance | 
impacts on global communities through financial services.
Risk | Financial & Managerial 
energy and effort. His passion is to make positive economic and social 
Governance | Enterprise 
These communication and negotiation skills always require a lot of 
Skills
officials and coordinating various interests.
dealing with different parties, including politicians and government 
University of Tokyo
and was seconded within the Japanese government and experienced 
 Bachelor of Economics, the 
experiences in risk and finance, he spent his career in project finance 
Yoshi is an excellent communicator and negotiator. In addition to the 
London Business School 
Sloan 2021
Committee under the Board.
to interact with board members through the operation of the Risk 
Education
change risk and governance matters. Also, he had many opportunities 
Financial Officer to tackle company-wide agendas such as climate 
goto-510/
working with C-suites such as Chief Risk Officer and Americas Chief 
linkedin.com/in/yoshikazu-
largest financial institutions in Japan and has a lot of experiences 
Japan
including finance and enterprise risk. He works for MUFG, one of the 
ygoto.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Mr. Yoshikazu Goto is a senior banker with nearly twenty years’ career, 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Director, MUFG Bank
Yoshikazu Goto
----------------Page (20) Break----------------
Eicher Brand launch and Auto Expo India in 2010, 2014 and 2016.
•        Spearheaded collaborations across functions and organizations for 
and International Markets.
Sales, Marketing, Brand, Strategy, and Product Lifecycle in Indian 
•                       Established and grew developing and challenging brands across 
explore diverse opportunities
Commercial Vehicles, and Mahindra Navistar.
Brand Management | Keen to 
•                       Led and established bus business for Daimler, Volvo Eicher 
Strategy | Marketing | Digital 
Career highlights
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
tennis, or hitting the open road driving with the top down.
While he is not working, he enjoys test cricket, a quick game of table 
Channel Management
Brand | Product Life-cycle | 
business in India and $1B in exports.
Sales | Marketing, Strategy | 
he led over 400 team members to deliver growth across $400M bus 
promoted within 2 years as Head of Strategy and Marketing, where 
Functional expertise
Nitin was co-responsible for the marketing division of buses and was 
Marketing – 7 Years
Automotive Industry 
VE Commercial Vehicles (Volvo & Eicher JV) – Head of Strategy and 
Previous industry experience
interventions and innovations.
members to streamline $200M trucks business through process 
Marketing  
$15M in two years and for two years led and mentored over 200 team 
diverse teams | Strategy | 
mentored over 80 team members to ramp up the buses business to 
| Building and developing 
for setting up business in North India, where he hired, trained, and 
Growing Developing Brands 
Benz buses, in partnership with Wrightbus (UK). Nitin was responsible 
Skills
entered the Indian market in 2016 with Mercedes Benz and Bharat 
Largest commercial vehicles manufacturer in the world, Daimler 
Engineering
Daimler – Head of Regional Marketing and Sales – 4 Years
 Bachelor of Mechanical 
Professional Career
London Business School 
mentoring diverse teams.
Sloan 2021
delivering long-term value and growth by leading, coaching, and 
analytical expertise, devising business strategy, managing P&L, and 
Education
functions. He has a proven track record of framing key strategic and 
driving growth in Indian and international markets across diverse 
linkedin.com/in/nitingupta21
brands. He has been responsible for business establishment and 
India
positions and has worked with some of the developing and challenger 
ngupta.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  marketing career, he grew steadily and confidently into Leadership 
mail.nitingupta21@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Nitin loves travelling and making friends. Having started a sales & 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Head of Regional Marketing and Sales, Daimler
Nitin Gupta
----------------Page (21) Break----------------
models
to reimagine their business 
Officer in companies seeking 
Officer / Chief Innovation 
CEO / Chief Commercial 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
Business Strategy
B2B Sales & Marketing |
General Management |
global standard.
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        successfully influenced Cisco HQ to adopt key elements as the new 
•                       Established a new regional customer segmentation framework and 
Services | Telecommunications  
new sales pipeline within 18 months.
ICT Hardware, Software & 
than 20 partner-managed IT services and generated $230m+ of net 
Previous industry experience                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            •                       Incubated an IT managed services operation, which launched more 
delivering +9% revenue growth in the first year.
Sales & Marketing   
•        Successfully turned around Cisco’s $2Bn EMEA telco channel, 
Incubating New Businesses | 
Career highlights
High Performance Teams | 
Building and Leading 
Advisory Services both in the US and the UK.  
Skills
of senior leadership positions in Sales, Marketing, Strategy and 
banker with JPMorgan before joining Cisco, where she held a number 
Hastings College of the Law
America. She also spent a number of years as an equity investment 
J.D. University of California, 
for a holding company with operations in Southeast Asia and Latin 
Silicon Valley law firm and subsequently served as general counsel 
Stanford University
Aarti began her professional career as a corporate attorney with a 
 BSc Medical Microbiology, 
and leads through example.
London Business School 
approach to pilot ways forward through ambiguity, cultivates trust 
Sloan 2021
customers, partners and employees. Aarti brings a holistic, structured 
Education
reimagine their business models and transform the lives of their 
She has a passion for the power of technology to help organisations 
linkedin.com/in/aartigurnani/
complex business challenges.
United Kingdom
growing high performing teams who innovate impactful solutions to 
agurnani.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Aarti is a multi-disciplinary business leader with a track record of 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Partner Director, Head of Managed Services – EMEA, Cisco
Aarti C Gurnani
----------------Page (22) Break----------------
focused management.
•                      Improved NPS and employee engagement scores through customer-
company’s profitability by creating over 5000 jobs.
opportunities                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the project, ensuring proper operations and contributing to the 
Keen to explore exciting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   •       Project Manager for a national BPO outsourcing project, winning 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    the past three years,significantly improved the profit margin.
Industries / functions keen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             •      Achieved annual sales budget of more than € 1 Billion every year for 
Career highlights
Management
& Marketing | Project 
focused sales management to other countries as well.
Sales Management | Sales 
company’s market share in Japan. His goal is to expand customer-
After Sloan, he will be responsible for further expanding the 
Functional expertise
consulting business for clients on how to improve productivity.
Resources 
life balance, productivity, and engagement. He has also started a 
Recruitment | Human 
productivity. As project leader, he has led the way in improving work-
three years to change the working style and improve employees’ 
Previous industry experience
As well as growing the business, he has been working over the past 
Development | Team Building 
same time, he continued to improve the sales, profit and margin.
Sales Management | Strategy 
in a significant improvement in the Net Promoter Score in 2020. At the 
He has ensured that this is embedded in everyone’s thinking, resulting 
Skills
As a leader of more than 1,700 people, he always has a customer focus. 
University
Japan’s global presence and developing best practices in Japan.
Bachelor of Informatics, Bunkyo 
relationships with multinational team members, increasing Adecco 
the Japanese market and has demonstrated strength in building 
 IESE Business school
Kenji has also been responsible for driving the global strategy to 
London Business School 
engagement.
Sloan 2021
Adecco Japan’s market share growth, profitability and employee 
Education
His diverse experience has enabled him to take a leadership role in 
and outsourcing project management.
linkedin.com/in/kenji-hirano-80
has expertise in sales management, sales strategy, sales marketing 
Japan
years of experience in the recruitment and outsourcing industry. He 
khirano.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Kenji is the COO of Adecco Japan, a global company with over 25 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Chief Operating Officer, Adecco Japan
Kenji Hirano 
----------------Page (23) Break----------------
Consulting | Fintech 
Banking and financial services 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
management | Treasury
| System Implementation |Risk 
Finance | Project management
Corporate Finance | Business 
Functional expertise
Insurance 
Alternate debt investment | 
Private Equity | Banking | 
Raised funds from institutional investors, banks and sovereign funds.
Previous industry experience
Implemented ERP, treasury and expense management systems 
•       Developed business and operational plans for the fintech startup. 
Stakeholder management 
Commercial acumen |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              companies.
Business partnering |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        addition, he handled the merger of two of the largest technology 
•       Led the acquisition and merger of a non-bank finance company. In 
Skills
lending and private equity.
Bachelors of Commerce                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •                      Devised and spearheaded the launch of new businesses such as 
Company Secretary                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Career highlights
 Chartered Accountant 
cricket at the professional level.   
London Business School                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Mahesh loves to run marathons across world. Mahesh has played 
Sloan 2021
General Atlantic Partners and ICICI Bank.
Education                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Mahesh has worked at marquee companies such as Blackstone, 
conceptual and problem-solving skills.
a9b2021
a team with strong interpersonal communication skills, analytical, 
linkedin.com/in/mahesh-joshi-
Mahesh has worked in multinational cross-cultural settings and led 
India
the global banking and financial services industry.
maheshjoshi25@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              financial, operational, strategic and management experience across 
mjoshi.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Mahesh is a seasoned leader with nineteen years of well-diversified 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
SVP Finance, Trust Group
Mahesh Joshi 
----------------Page (24) Break----------------
satisfaction and Colombia up to the third position.
company’s operation in Ecuador to the first position in customer 
which improved the overall NPS by 5p.p. This initiative took the 
•                      Led the transformation of the customer experience governance, 
company.
for customers in Colombia to buy insurance directly from the 
in Latin America by developing an innovative and friendly platform 
•       Implemented the first digital distribution channel for the company 
growth in the following year.
Brazilian market. This product represented 50% of the company’s 
NGO / Charity | Start Up | NED
accessible insurance product for a price-sensitive segment of the 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                •                       Developed and launched a new product and a new brand to provide 
Industries / functions keen 
Career highlights
Transformation | Marketing
with friends and family.
Strategy & Innovation | 
new things, eating good food, listening to music and spending time 
From a personal perspective, he loves travelling, experimenting with 
Functional expertise
communicate conversationally in Japanese.
Insurance | Telecom 
English, Spanish and Portuguese with professional proficiency and can 
seeks opportunities to grow professionally and as a person. He speaks 
Previous industry experience
Paulo is obsessed with continuous improvement and constantly 
Product Development 
relationships within and beyond the working group.
working | Leadership | New 
to significant productivity, so he always manages to build healthy 
Problem solving | Collaborative 
teams. He truly believes that a good working environment is essential 
perspective, with a natural capacity for building and developing 
Skills
Paulo is extremely collaborative and visionary from a leadership 
de Sao Paulo
and project management.
Mining Engineer Universidade 
development, customer experience management, marketing strategy 
experience in strategic planning, business transformation, new product 
 MBA Carnegie Mellon
complex problem-solving capabilities, Paulo has built extensive 
London Business School 
Always recognized by his analytical skills, innovative thinking and 
Sloan 2021
the ultimate skills needed to succeed in those settings.
Education
environments and understood that active listening and empathy are 
During this time, he has learned how to adapt to multi-cultural 
linkedin.com/in/paulokaneta
Colombia and Singapore) and at least ten markets.
Colombia
with working experience in five different countries (Brazil, Spain, USA, 
United Kingdom / Brazil / 
Paulo has built, in the past 18 years, an extensive international career 
pkaneta.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Passionate about diversity and connecting with different people, 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Liberty Seguros (Liberty Mutual)
Vice president of Strategy, Transformation and Marketing, 
Paulo Kaneta
----------------Page (25) Break----------------
Consulting
vehicle system in India.
Technology | Strategy 
project that introduced the first Euro 2 compliant Commercial 
to explore
for clients that resulted in an overall profit of $45M. Managed a 
Industries / functions keen 
•        As an OEM Sales Engineer, developed various cost-saving measures 
estimated $15 M per year.
Coaching and Mentorship
project efficiency and reduced cycle time by 40%, thereby saving an 
Thinking | Technology | 
a new project management process and tool that resulted in higher 
Project Management | Design 
•        Advised Sr. Management of a major utility client in the US to adapt 
Functional expertise
on legacy applications & improved process efficiency by 60%.
transformation plan and led it for 1.5yrs which reduced dependency 
client engagement 
•                       Advised C-Suite executives of a services company on a business 
Client management and new 
Business Transformation |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                •        Led Multiple greenfield business transformation projects.
Technology Consulting | 
Career highlights
Previous industry experience
Services, Engineering and Construction, Utilities and Oil and Gas. 
implemented digital programs for industries such as Professional 
Management 
As an SAP ERP Architect, Praveen has successfully advised clients and 
Management | Stakeholder 
Teams | Leadership | Change 
both delivery and engagement responsibilities.
Leading Multidisciplinary 
strategic clients and led their transition programs from inception with 
Played key roles in presales and account management to win 
Skills
to apply AI and Machine Learning models in critical business processes.
Mechanical (Honors)
company’s top think tank and talent pool that identifies use case areas 
Bachelor of Engineering, 
Cloud and Hybrid solutions. As a technology enthusiast, he part of the 
and has taken clients through their digital journey for On-Prem, 
University (VTU)
Praveen believes in the positive impact due to changes in technology 
 Visveswaraiah Technological 
across NA, Europe and APJ.
London Business School 
projects for Fortune 100 clients with a complex multi-vendor setup 
Sloan 2021
talent. He also has a successful track record of leading challenging 
Education
led cross-functional teams and has mentored and developed future 
managed high-value strategic business transformation projects. He 
kasthala-66129b12
As a transformation specialist and a change leader, Praveen has 
linkedin.com/in/praveen-
business process change and operations to drive innovation and growth.
USA / India
international experience in advising leadership and board of directors on 
kasthala.praveen@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Praveen is a senior technology professional with over 16 years of 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Business Transformation Lead, SAP
Kasthala
Praveen Kumar 
----------------Page (26) Break----------------
annual spend target).
procurement department of a large NOC in SE Asia (~USD 5 B 
focused private equity
•                       Developed a blueprint for digital transformation of central 
Renewables Oil & Gas | Energy 
20 M impact on bottom line.
to explore
India. Effort resulted in ~3-4 months acceleration resulting in ~USD 
Industries / functions keen 
250 M value) – transport pipeline and liquid processing capacity in 
•        Managed accelerated commissioning of two capital projects (~USD 
Procurement & supply chain
implementation initiatives).
| Operational excellence | 
EBITDA - ~5-7% revenue increase; ~15% cost savings from 300+ under 
Digital in heavy industries 
a distressed oil & gas producer in South America (~USD 60M in 
Growth & Transformation | 
•        Led a team of 12+ client and McKinsey consultants to turnaround 
Functional expertise
Career highlights
development  
organizational leadership. 
projects | Exploration & field 
focussing on topics such as corporate strategy, turnarounds, M&A, and 
operations | Large capital 
Kumar is currently pursuing Sloan Masters degree at LBS where he is 
| Oil & Gas upstream 
Management consulting 
capital project management for clients globally.
growth strategy, operational diagnostics and improvement, large-scale 
Previous industry experience
energy clients. There he led multiple projects in business transformation, 
Transformation Services and Operations practice focusing on global 
transformations 
consulting firm. At McKinsey, he was a part of their Recovery & 
Merger Integration | Digital 
He spent the last 4 years with McKinsey & Co., a top-tier management 
Business Transformation | Post-
gas operator to help their new development project in Malaysia.
Skills
Later he moved as a senior technical authority with a US-based oil & 
up and growing their SE Asia business by 5x during his tenure there. 
BSc, IIT Kharagpur
expansion effort in South East Asia. He was instrumental in setting 
 MS, University of Houston 
He later worked with a SaaS provider from the UK, leading their 
London Business School 
service providers in the Oil & Gas sector.
Sloan 2021
subsurface specialist with Baker Hughes, one of the global top 3 
Middle East. He started his career in Oil & Gas (upstream) as a 
Education
extensively in North and South America, Southeast Asia, and the 
term projects in 10+ countries across six continents. He has worked 
linkedin.com/in/kum amri/
extensive international experience in managing short and long-
United Kingdom
experience in both industry and management consulting. He has 
mkumar.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Kumar is an experienced professional with 15+ years combined 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Senior Management Consultant, McKinsey & Co.
Mritunjay Kumar
----------------Page (27) Break----------------
of in-country operations for products through N&B.
suppliers, led end-to-end processes & contracts and oversaw set up 
Consulting
Spearheaded insourcing of technology, researched potential 
Supply Chain and Operations | 
•                      Established 50+ new defence contractors in India and abroad. 
EPC | Retail Operations | 
safeguarded livelihood of supply chain providers.
to explore
delivery of 14 vessels at a local shipyard, transformed operations, 
Industries / functions keen 
gained approval and implemented high-risk strategy to take ensure 
•       Mitigated potential five-fold cost increase to zero impact. Proposed, 
Consulting 
out and sea trials.
Management | EPC | 
processes and practices, and oversaw all phases of construction, fit-
| Operations | Contract 
and governance frameworks, implemented strict project standards, 
Program Management 
•        Delivered 20 ships to schedule, cost and specification. Set up PMO 
Functional expertise
Career highlights
Development | Digital  
maintenance, engineering and operations personnel.
Construction | Product 
contractors to facilities, HSE, digital tech work force, quality assurance, 
Navy/Ship Design | 
ability to lead multidisciplinary resources from designers to construction 
Previous industry experience
Shiva has accumulated a broad knowledge base and has a proven 
and expectations to achieve objectives and goals.
and Change Management 
in identifying potential, originating ideas and setting clear roadmaps 
| Digital transformation | Risk 
analyse, simplify and resolve complex situations. Shiva’s expertise lies 
Leadership | Analytical thinking 
commercial expertise and engineering background, enables him to 
Skills
His visible and collaborative leadership, backed up with real-world 
generation product development projects.
BTech (NavArch & ShipBuild)
procurement, installation and commissioning programmes and next-
Delhi 
delivered large-scale multibillion-dollar ship building, engineering, 
Indian Institute of Technology, 
project deadlines under budget and to specification. He has led and 
 PGD - Naval Construction, 
managed third-party resources and directed suppliers to achieve 
Over the years, he has led large multifunctional teams, matrix-
London Business School 
Sloan 2021
ships more effective and proactive.
digital transformation projects making technical operations onboard 
Education
indigenisation within the organisation. He has proven leadership in 
technology innovation during the period of modernisation and 
linkedin.com/in/shivanag/
leadership, contract management, supply chain management and 
United Kingdom / India
Shipbuilder and Product Owner across facets of programme 
skonda.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Shiva served in the Indian Navy for 20 years as a Naval Architect, 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Indian Navy Veteran 
Konda
Shiva Naga Kumar 
----------------Page (28) Break----------------
Policy bank | Wellness living
Agritech | Digital banking | 
building a strong franchise and junior talent management.
to explore
based on objective criteria helping to create the right culture of 
Industries / functions keen 
•                       Designed a compensation payment matrix for all traders and sales 
product development                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            business and minimize stale inventory in Flow Credit products.
| Product controller | New                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    market depth and liquidity risk helping to grow volumes in client 
management | Risk analysis                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               •        Conceptualized and implemented a new risk metric to measure 
Strategy | Business 
over 2 years with a staff of over 100
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        and client activities. The desk revenues grew from $300m to $400m 
conditions and benchmarking the performance relative to markets 
Singapore)                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            •                       Promoted the FX business in Asia by analysing the market 
Nomura (India, Hongkong, 
Career highlights
India | CAO, Global Markets, 
Finance controller, JPMorgan, 
keen to make a mark.  
business. Social initiatives are another area where he is focussed and 
Previous industry experience
environment that can help achieve sustainable growth for the 
Manish believes in diversity and creating an inclusive work 
Problem solving | Negotiation 
management | Analytical skills | 
volatile market conditions with a Balance sheet of over $25bn.
Global business strategy | Risk 
managing the financial resources of the Asia business under very 
from a balance sheet of $400m to $1bn. He was also responsible for 
Skills
discipline. This also helped to grow the Structured Credit business 
Credit product went up from $100m to $200m through stronger risk 
Management
business doubling their revenues. For example the revenues of Flow 
Treasury and Forex 
and then Singapore, where he built a robust client and trading 
CFA Level II
He then moved to a more business aligned role at Nomura Hongkong 
 Chartered Accountant, India 
the bank to grow from a balance sheet of $100m to $1bn.
London Business School 
robust Risk Management and Asset Liability framework which helped 
Sloan 2021
their India business. He was known for driving new products, set up 
Education
He has worked at JPMorgan as the Legal Entity Controller (LEC) for 
with senior members to drive sustainable business growth.
lath-699226
multinational banks and has established himself as a trusted partner 
linkedin.com/in/manish-
Restructuring. He has held senior management positions in 
United Kingdom
Services specialising in Business Management, Strategy and 
mlath.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Manish has more than two decades of experience in Financial 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Global Strategy | Business Developer | Risk Manager 
Manish Lath
----------------Page (29) Break----------------
Non-executive director
Consulting | Energy transition | 
Energy: Strategy, Finance, 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
access to new exploration opportunities in W. Africa.
Finance 
exploration and appraisal drilling program, and recommending 
Management | Strategy | 
Exploration activities offshore Angola: partner relationships, active 
Management | Performance 
• Angola Exploration Manager, responsible for managing BP’s 
Geoscience | Project 
performance and greatly improving stakeholder relationships.
Functional expertise
gathered, analysed & visualized KPI data, both driving improved 
• Turned around and transformed the way the Exploration Function 
Energy | Oil & gas exploration  
standards for ‘how BP explores’ rolled out to all staff.
Previous industry experience
including CEO Bernard Looney. Resulted in a new set of global 
the past two decades, presented to the Executive Leadership Team 
Upstream Energy Expertise 
• Led a major review of BP’s Exploration strategy and results over 
Managing Uncertainty & Risk | 
Career highlights
Leadership | Analytical Skills | 
Skills
in the energy industry. 
to explore opportunities with broad commercial and strategic scope 
(Cambridge University)
Currently a Sloan Fellow at London Business School. Laura is looking 
B.A. & MSci Natural Sciences 
her a very effective partner to senior and C-suite leadership.
(Cambridge University)
clearly and succinctly, while keeping sight of the bigger picture, makes 
PhD Earth Sciences 
integrate the technical and the commercial, communicate the complex 
management skills, Laura is calm under pressure. Laura’s ability to 
London Business School 
environments and in long-term projects. With strong stakeholder 
Sloan 2021
ensure high-quality outcomes in both fast-paced, rapidly changing 
Education
Laura is delivery oriented and leverages her drive for excellence to 
value delivery of BP’s worldwide exploration activity.
phd
upstream exploration portfolio team to formulate strategy and ensure 
linkedin.com/in/laura-mackay-
Laura has delivered exploration projects globally, and led BP’s 
United Kingdom
sector at BP. Building on her deep technical expertise in geoscience, 
lmackay.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Laura is a senior energy industry leader in the international oil & gas 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Global Exploration Portfolio Manager, BP 
Laura Mackay
----------------Page (30) Break----------------
top-5 global position.
leadership team that turned around the business and returned it to a 
Committee from 2012 through 2020, I was part of the senior 
•        As a member of Morgan Stanley’s Global Fixed Income Management 
costs. The business generated record performance in both years.
restructured the credit analytics team to drive revenues and reduce 
Stanley’s European Credit Trading business in 2009 and 2010. I 
•        Part of the senior leadership team that turned around Morgan 
teams, from outside the top-10.
Investment Management
talent. Drove the team into the global top-3 among sell-side research 
to explore
increase efficiency. Built a culture of collaboration and upgraded 
Industries / functions keen 
•        Restructured Global Macro Research to improve performance and 
Career highlights
Restructuring
Global Strategy | Business 
income strategy. 
Global Leadership | 
the team moved into the top-3 global providers of sell-side fixed 
Functional expertise
collaborative insights delivered to both internal and external clients, 
and Economics. Focusing on the generation of well-integrated, 
Sales & Trading 
Research teams, ultimately including both Fixed Income Research 
Research and Fixed Income 
department to lead first the European and then Global Macro 
28 years at Morgan Stanley in 
In mid-2011, Neil moved back into Morgan Stanley’s Research 
Previous industry experience
record results in both 2009 and 2010.
European Corporate Credit trading business. The business achieved 
Development 
analysts while also focusing on the top-down risk management of the 
Risk Management | Talent 
restructured and led a team of performing and distressed credit desk 
Credit Research | Credit 
to help lead the turnaround of the European credit business. He 
Global Macro Research | 
At the end of 2008, Neil transitioned into Fixed Income trading 
Skills
team multiple times.
and then Credit Strategy, making the Institutional Investor all-star 
(First Class), University of Bath 
leading Morgan Stanley’s coverage of European Financial Institutions 
BSc Business Administration 
He spent the first 8 years of his career in fixed income credit research, 
University of Bath with a first-class degree in Business Administration. 
London Business School 
Neil joined Morgan Stanley in 1992 after graduating from the 
Sloan 2021
generate alpha.
Education
research team, helping a wide range of institutional clients to 
a proven track record of leading a large and diverse global macro 
linkedin.com/in/neilamcleish/
analysis and fixed income credit trading risk management. He has 
United Kingdom
strategist with deep experience in global macro strategy, company 
mcleish.neil@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Neil McLeish is an experienced global leader and financial markets 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Managing Director, Morgan Stanley 
Former Global Head of Macro Research 
Neil McLeish
----------------Page (31) Break----------------
bar operation.
•       Creative & Operational Audacity to launch the most flexible candy 
•       Leadership of Supply integration for two major FMCGs post-M&A.
global supply chain innovation by Gartner.
halving total supply lead time to markets and recognized as best 
•        Fast & Agile program implementation at Regional supply chain 
overall productivity of 6%.
improve lead-time and total landed cost of goods while providing 
•                       Strategic network design of Global manufacturing footprint to 
Career highlights
FMCGs
inspire international x-matrix teams to make “impossible happen”.
to explore
the USA, and the UK), I value diversity and can connect, build trust and 
Industries / functions keen 
worked in both developed and developing countries (Brazil, Mexico, 
GOALS ALIGNMENT are anchors to drive behaviours. Having lived and 
Excellence 
developing high-performance team environments, where TRUST and 
Management | Manufacturing 
want to go far, go together” (African proverb), I have a passion for 
End to End Supply Chain 
Following life philosophy, “If you want to go fast, go alone, but if you 
Functional expertise
IBP/S&OP.
key business processes such as Innovation pipeline management and 
Benckiser 
processes working collaboratively with other functions to optimize 
Johnson Nutrition | Reckitt 
transformations across manufacturing, planning, and innovation 
Mars Chocolates | Mead 
industry experience at top-notch FMCGs, driving seamless Lean 
Previous industry experience
talent potential). This belief comes from the privileged multi-
transportation, motion, and most importantly, the waste of 
Supply Chain Management 
waste (Defects, over-production, waiting times, excess inventory, 
Manufacturing
should strive for excellence and pursue eliminating all types of 
Mechanical Engineer Lean 
Every supply chain, no matter how mature, complex, commoditized, 
London Business School
countries across three major continents.
Sloan 2021
R&D roles. I have led Global organizations and lived in four different 
Procurement, Quality, Operations, Supply Chain Management, and 
Education
global companies (Mars, Mead Johnson Nutrition, Reckitt), spanning 
been shaped by 25+ years of international experience within major 
martiniano-26a0901/
global expertise in all disciplines of the end-to-end supply chain has 
linkedin.com/in/saulo-
IBP/S&OP, Operational Rigor, and OUTSIDE-IN PERSPECTIVE. My 
Brazil
growth by bringing relentless focus on Productivity, Lean/6Sigma, 
saulo.martiniano@hotmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       and positioning the supply chain as an enabler for business 
saulob.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            I am passionate about driving superior supply chain performance 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Global Manufacturing Leader
Saulo B Martiniano
----------------Page (32) Break----------------
new 5G products, including Voice-to-Speech and XR technologies.
leading Japanese mobile operator that accelerated development of 
•                       Cultivated strategic partnership between Valeo and NTT Docomo, a 
individuals to remain in Valeo and automotive sector.
•                       Pioneered women mentorship programme that encouraged 
Consulting
inspired future revenue growth.
| International Development | 
regional markets to formulate a successful growth strategy that 
Impact Investing | VCs and PE 
driven business, and accurately assessed social challenges and 
•                       Transformed one of Valeo’s Japanese entities into an innovation 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
Career highlights
active involvement in several non-governmental initiatives.
Corporate Strategy 
an active role in social and environmental challenges through her 
Stakeholder Engagement |
embedding sustainable goals into global corporate visions. She takes 
Development | Sales |
and smart city sector experience and impressive strategic acumen, 
Negotiations | Business
A true asset to any company she joins, Maryama has solid mobility 
Functional expertise
inorganic growth strategies tailored to stimulate revenue growth.
entities is one of her fortes, producing compelling organic and 
Cities | Automotive | Electronics 
people, process and technology. Turning around under-performing 
Mobility and Transport | Smart
enable organisations to rapidly pivot and shift direction, spanning 
Previous industry experience
advocate of transformational change, she champions initiatives that 
development leadership positions in France and Japan. As an 
Business Development   
leader in vehicle electrification, and landed strategic and business 
generation | International
Boosting her professional profile, Maryama joined Valeo, a world 
Partnerships and M&A
exposure, supporting business scale-up into Korea and Turkey.
Skills
in technology and innovation, and she quickly gained commercial 
a global leader in automotive technology. This move ignited her interest 
MSc Engineering, 2006 
progressing to Program Purchasing Leader in Faurecia Interior Systems, 
School 2007
engineering and business studies, she relocated from Morocco to Paris, 
Postgraduate, Kedge Business
Stepping into a corporate environment following the completion of her 
London Business School
culture and its powerful impact on society and business.
Sloan 2021
has spent time in Asia, particularly Japan, finding out more about the 
believing everyone matters and has value. Well-traveled, Maryama 
Education
colleague, dependable and willing to go the extra mile to help others, 
about individuals’ stories and backgrounds. She is a loyal friend and 
maryamamoujahid
Extremely people orientated, Maryama is fascinated when learning 
linkedin.com/in/
creative atmosphere that would give her a great deal of inspiration. 
France
fortunate to grow up near the ocean, absorbing the tranquility and 
maryama.moujahid@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Originally from Essaouira, in southern Morocco, Maryama was 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
International Development | Impact Strategies
Maryama Moujahid
----------------Page (33) Break----------------
for their digital and engineering organisations.
client vice presidents of engineering and agility in evolving play book 
services and software player in their quest to stay competitive. Led 
•       As a principal advisor, co-led future-proofing of a global technology 
Business analytics
60% TAT reduction.
government & public policy | 
bank in Vietnam with reimagined customer journeys resulting in 
| Digital consulting | Digital 
leadership. Led venture-build of mortgage platform for a regional 
Corporate strategy & planning 
and counselled senior leaders in agility, change management & 
to explore
•                      As an organisation expert up-skilled mortgage business unit 
Industries / functions keen 
underwriting functions for their retail asset unit.
spanning digital marketing, risk management, credit appraisal and 
Digital CoEs
member digital workforce for a leading bank in south east Asia 
building | CEO’s digital office | 
•                       As an engagement manager, led from ground-up, set up of a 200+ 
Organization design | Capability 
Strategic planning | 
Career highlights
Functional expertise
reading.
Srini maintains active interests in yoga and photography, besides 
Technology and software 
and financial services | 
agile and organisation change topics.
Strategy consulting | Banking 
forums including India Digital and Analytics Summit as an anchor for 
consulting firms he had worked with. He has presented in national 
Previous industry experience
views and helped hire fellow experts and associate partners for the 
As a topical expert, Srini co-led creation of research-led point of 
agility | Leadership counselling  
transformation | Enterprise 
Srini brings in empathy in critical conversations.
Digital strategy & 
By separating facts and opinions yet approaching both with humility, 
is his fact-based and hypothesis-driven approach to problem solving. 
Skills
first his approach to continuous unlearning and learning and second, 
Srini’s consulting experience is drawn on two pillars of his strength – 
Bachelor of Engineering 
building and digital strategy.
  Master of Finance 
some of his core topics viz., enterprise agility, organisational capability 
London Business School 
Europe and North America, he brings in thought leadership across 
Sloan 2021
software and media spanning 15+ countries across Asia, Australia, 
sectors including banking, financial services, technology providers, 
Education
capability building for senior leaders. Having advised clients in diverse 
implementation, enterprise agility, digital business building and 
linkedin.com/in/nsrini/
His topics of expertise include digital-led strategy formulation and 
United Kingdom
in counselling senior corporate clients through Tier-1 consultancies. 
snagarajan.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Srini is an international management consultant with experience 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
McKinsey and Company 
Senior Expert and Engagement Manager, Digital 
Srini Nagarajan
----------------Page (34) Break----------------
for Energy | NED
total savings of about 8%.
Transition | Renewables | Tech 
operations and a drastic renegotiation of all in-course contracts - 
Oil & Energy | Energy 
well-being, support in delivering urgent demands from offshore 
first months of the Pandemic with a close look into the team’s 
to explore
KPIs by >50% in 2 years. Led and managed the team through the 
Industries / functions keen 
the Supply Chain Management routines improving the original 
•        Implemented the Office Floor Management methodology into 
Surveying Operations
Operations | Offshore Staffing |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             throughout increasing wages.
Gross costs of approx. USD 55 M/year with an average cost reduction 
Management | Commercial 
familiarization with positive results in Safety and Performance. 
Management | Supply Chain 
years. Intensive work of hiring, training & developing, and offshore 
Leadership | Project & Operations 
offshore crew increased from approx. 800 to 1,200 people over two 
Functional expertise
•        Led and guided the Offshore Staffing team in Brazil when the 
Lost Time Injury in 3 years.
and Geospatial  
delivering a 98% uptime performance and a Safety mark of 1 LTI – 
Oil & Gas | Construction 
(Client, Supply Chain, Engineering, Finance and HSEQ) and 
year Subsea Pipelaying Project, starting it up, aligning stakeholders 
Previous industry experience
to the Oil & Energy Industry in 2010, taking the lead of a USD 100+ M/ 
•                       High learning capacity and adaptability proved when transitioning 
Listening | Mentoring & Coaching                                                                                                                                                                        
Career highlights
Management | Innovation | 
| Digital Fluency | Time-
Industries – strategies being reset and companies getting reinvented.
Powerful Communication 
to the considerable effort required from Oil & Energy, and Renewables 
Management | Resilience | 
will continue. He looks into the Energy Transition and wants to contribute 
Leading Teams | Change 
his leadership at the London Business School, knowing that his journey 
Now, with his lifelong learning mindset, Elerson amplifies the impact of 
Skills
the University of California Irvine, and another in Finance at IBMEC-RJ.
Universidade Federal de Vicosa  
from a school partnership between Fundacao Getulio Vargas (FGV) and 
from top-tier Brazilian Business Schools. One in Business Management, 
Surveying Engineer
of becoming an effective leader, he earned two Executive MBAs degrees 
Fundacao Getulio Vargas 
the classes working in the English Center. Understanding the importance 
MBA Corporate Management
development based on his own experience. He learnt English, paying for 
International Executive
Coming from Brazil, Elerson inspires and helps people in their self-
IBMEC-RJ
the entire company in its culture-changing effort.
 Executive MBA Finance
mentor and coach beyond the frontiers of his departments, supporting 
innovation, and continuous improvement. In recent years he acted as a 
London Business School 
is passionate about being positive and encourages experimentation, 
Sloan 2021
in Operations, Offshore Staffing and Supply Chain Management. He 
Education
successfully leading multi-million budgets and hundreds of people 
and people’s development, he became an Oil & Gas senior executive 
on his powerful communication style and strong belief in learning 
linkedin.com/in/elerson/
among members, internal clients, and relevant stakeholders. Building 
Brazil / United Kingdom
career, Elerson guided teams achieving excellence through collaboration 
enogueira.sln2021@london.edu 
Bringing people together and getting the best of them. Over his 20-years 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Strategy Leadership | Oil & Energy Transition  
Operations Management, Supply Chain Management, 
Elerson Nogueira
----------------Page (35) Break----------------
planning
Product incubation | Product 
IT industry | Manufacturing | 
to explore
business targets.
Industries / functions keen 
deliver the products and services for their customers to achieve the 
including the UK closely working and helping regional teams to 
Multinational operation
•        As a deputy-GM for the European operation, managed 7 regions 
Product & business incubation | 
organisations.
Product development | 
local sales channles working with both internal and external 
Functional expertise
•                       Successfully introduced new products into new market establishing 
partners and pushed up to higher rankings.
Business operation 
managed partner status. Turned the partner companies into reliable 
planning | Life management | 
double in one year and ensured they do not lose their advantageous 
Product incubation | Product 
•                       Helped managed partner company’s business’ grow by more than 
IT industry | Manufacturing | 
Career highlights
Previous industry experience
impactful results for the companies he worked for.  
Multinational operation  
achieving the goals by strengthening the team led to deliver 
Leadership | Teamwork | 
His passion for the new products, emerging technologies, and 
Skills
organisation’s goals.
in challenging the existing processes and driving to achieve the 
Master of Engineering
is an experienced problem solver and disrupter who is relentless 
Ergonomics 
and external teams and stakeholders together as one team. Takashi 
Computer Interaction with 
collaborately working inside the company across the organisations 
 Graduate Diploma in Human-
advantage to make the organisation’s output maximised by 
Teamwork and collaboration are Takashi’s leadership style and 
London Business School 
Sloan 2021
operations whilst based in Germany about 5 years ago. 
and EMEA, whilst based in Tokyo, Japan, and managed European 
Education
He worked for global markets, covering Japan, Asia, the Americas, 
operations, and product life management to business incubation. 
ogasawara
development to channel management, business management to 
linkedin.com/in/takashi-
and manufacturing industry. His experience ranges from product 
United Kingdom / Japan
and multinational teams in large global organisations in the IT 
togasawara.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Takashi is an experienced leader working in diverse geographies 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Manufacturing | IT industry 
Leadership | New product incubation | 
Takashi Ogasawara
----------------Page (36) Break----------------
Philanthropy | FMCG | Energy
International Development | 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
Strategy Development | NED
Reporting | Compliance | 
Financial Management & 
Functional expertise
Services 
Government | Accounting 
Philanthropy | Oil & Gas | 
Previous industry experience
in-country fund raising drive leading to 150% increase in 2015.
People Management 
•                       Played leading role in developing an INGO’s 5-year strategy and led 
Financial Analysis & Reporting | 
implementation segments.
International Business | 
control leading to savings of $2M+ leakages across projects and 
| Entrepreneurship | 
recognition of his novel approach to compliance & internal 
Strategy & Innovation 
•                       Appointed into the Global Compliance Team of an INGO in 
Skills
West African Market (2006-2008).
team of an oil & gas company establishing it as market leader in the 
Accounting
•                       Revamped and grew sales by 300% within two months of joining the 
Bachelor of Science 
Career highlights
MIoD
Accountant (CPFA)
board of community-based charities and SMEs.
Chartered Public Finance 
He is an avid volunteer to good causes and currently serves on the 
 Chartered Accountant (FCA)
integrity and confidentiality.
Ferdinard is reputed for his entrepreneurial & growth mindset, utmost 
London Business School 
people management, financial reporting, compliance & due diligence, 
Sloan 2021
(UK) & Chartered Institute of Fundraising (UK) with strong expertise in 
Education
A CCAB chartered accountant and member, Institute of Directors 
Accounting Services sectors.
okwor-b4372a43/
impacts in the Oil & Gas, Government, Non-profits and Professional 
linkedin.com/in/ferdinard-
experience spanning almost two decades is laced with credible 
Nigeria
finance executive across sub-Saharan Africa. His multi-sectoral work 
fokwor.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Ferdinard is an experienced operation, sales & marketing and senior 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Leadership | Finance | Operations | Sales & Marketing
Ferdinard Okwor FCA
----------------Page (37) Break----------------
distribution, and revenue.
facilitating credit bond syndication to drive market efficiency, client 
a new market operating model and industry-leading digital platform 
• Member of the ICMA SteerCo, where Adrien helped design and lead 
Development
beneficiary impact.
adoption of a new adaptive programming approach to maximise 
| Social Impact | International 
and helped enable an INGO to build resilience in fragile contexts by 
Management Consulting | VC 
to impact 30m children in 28 countries through financial inclusion; 
Director | Financial Services | 
• Developed and launched a new Board-approved 10 year strategy 
CEO/COO | Non-Executive 
driven global data strategy meeting regulatory change.
to explore
and the development and rollout of a $400m business benefits-
Industries / functions keen 
investment bank: leading selection and rollout of a new global CRM, 
•        Led Client Relationship Management and Data Strategy for a global 
Programme Management
Career highlights
& Data Transformation | 
Enterprise Solutions | Digital 
worked in Europe, the Americas, Asia, and Africa.  
Strategy Execution | Client & 
and is passionate for cultural food adventures having lived and 
potential and be their best. Adrien has travelled to over 100 countries, 
Functional expertise
NHS volunteer, and mentors young adults to help them realise their 
He was a management consultant and school teacher, is an active 
Education 
through microfinance in 60 countries impacting over 3.5m children.
| Management Consulting | 
as the Chief Strategy & Impact Officer delivering financial inclusion 
| International Development 
and rollout of a new annual business planning approach. He served 
Investment & Private Banking 
funding model, revised governance, and leading the development 
Previous industry experience
the prioritisation of c.$3bn donor funds to optimise impact via a new 
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs); and enabled 
world’s largest childfocused NGO across 100 countries to achieve the 
Management | Governance 
Adrien has also led global strategy execution and optimisation for the 
| Strategy & Planning Change | 
Leadership & Communication 
end-to-end risk, IT, and operational change.
customer-driven eCommerce and data analytics capabilities, and 
Skills
by implementing digital and data transformation, innovative and 
has successfully led teams to deliver targeted business benefits 
Boston College, MA USA
business development, and COO change and transformation. He 
Paribas, and Ernst & Young in capital markets sales and trading, 
Economics (BSc)
engagement. Adrien has worked for Deutsche Bank, HSBC, BNP 
 Mathematics (BA) 
excellence, innovation, and agility for greater performance and client 
collaboration and governance; and implementing operational 
London Business School 
He is an expert at strengthening organisational and cross-functional 
Sloan 2021
sustainable impact, growth, and performance.
Education
about transforming businesses and leading people to achieve 
mitigate risk, and achieve regulatory compliance. He is passionate 
linkedin.com/in/adrienong
and microfinance – by leading global strategy to increase revenue, 
in capital markets, private banking, international development, 
United Kingdom
global strategy and business, operations, and digital transformation 
aong.sln2021@london.edu
Adrien is a senior executive leader with 24 years experience delivering 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
International Development 
Chief Strategy & Operating Officer, Investment Banking & 
Adrien Ong
----------------Page (38) Break----------------
Banking | E-commerce
Corporate and Investment 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ‘Large Client’ and ‘MNC relationships’ for origination.
Industries / functions keen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 across the country. Widely acknowledged for contributions in the 
•                       Ranked one among the best performing Senior Client bankers 
Portfolio management 
team of 16 Associate relationship managers.
 | Structured Trade finance | 
•                       Handled a loan portfolio of GBP 2.00 billion across 125 clients with a 
analysis | Credit risk monitoring
(Flipkart), Toyota Group, Bangalore International Airport, Diageo etc.
Loan structuring | Credit 
included ABB, Alstom Transport, 3M India, Amazon, Walmart India 
Functional expertise
•                       Senior client banker having worked at ICICI Bank and HSBC, clients 
Career highlights
Investment Banking | Bonds 
Corporate Banking | 
corporate representation.     
Previous industry experience
passionate supporter of the financial independence of women and 
Varsha is a strong supporter of diversity and inclusion, and a 
Buy-out | Syndication 
and strategy.
Capital Markets | Leveraged 
financial sustainability, financialisaton of environment protection 
building | Underwriting | Debt 
management areas in corporate entities and is focussed on finance, 
Leadership | Relationship 
her clients thrive. She also worked extensively in monitoring and risk 
Skills
With a very customer centric attitude, she is motivated by seeing 
strategic dialogue and long -term value creation.
Delhi University
negotiations she brings with her the passion for relationship building, 
Shri Ram College for Women, 
loan agreement negotiation, ability to deal with complexity and 
Bachelor of Commerce, Lady 
best in class analytical, financial and tactical skills. With skills in 
 MBS/ TAPMI
Varsha brings with her a vast global experience and an outlook 
London Business School 
amongst others over the last 13 years.
Sloan 2021
Aviation, IT, ITeS, Manufacturing, Engineering, Food and Beverages 
industries viz., E-commerce, Healthcare, Hospitality, Real Estate, 
Education
geographies (EMEA, APAC and US). She managed clients across 
handling some of India’s largest local and multinational clients across 
pai-78a87a11
large scale debt transactions and has a proven track record of 
linkedin.com/in/varsha-mohan-
critical thinker. She advised the senior management on over 30 
United Kingdom
Banking and a trusted board adviser, strong communicator, and 
vpai.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Varsha is an experienced Vice President in Corporate and Investment 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Client Banker, ICICI Bank
Varsha Mohan Pai
----------------Page (39) Break----------------
brand categories in Asian markets.
Corporate Entrepreneurship
•                       Designed entry strategy and managed joint venture of new Italian 
Global Innovative Businesses |  
and undergraduate students.
to explore
•                       Established experiential USA-Europe business programs for graduate 
Industries / functions keen 
•        Mentored tech start-ups hosted at the incubator Qatar SportsTech.
Education                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             sustainable living.
Marketing | Sales | Training |                                                                                                                                                                                                          Cup), the international exposition Open House on arts, culture and 
Development |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      •        Managed international sports events (CONIFA World, Euro and Africa 
Strategy | Business 
tablet-based inflight entertainment system.
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        integrated web-mobile-TV interactive formats > first ever turn-key 
•        Launched: > first ever pan-European and East Asia sports WebTV > 
Services | Nonprofit | Academia 
Career highlights
& Culture | Food | Financial 
| Entertainment | IT | Arts 
socially oriented international events on arts and sustainable living. 
Sports | Media | New Media 
industry, an international integrated group of sports organizations, 
service for consumers, a redesigned value chain for the fast-food 
Previous industry experience
vertically integrated incubator, an integrated payment & savings 
exploring the feasibility of new business concepts: a new form of a 
Development 
At the London Business School, Fabio has been studying and 
| Product Development | HR 
Global Business Development 
and organizations by leadership and a global entrepreneurial mindset.
Strategy | Entrepreneurship | 
multicultural environments, highly committed to empowering teams 
He enjoyed and learned how to be an effective team player in 
Skills
Open House, etc.
Rome
Tsubakimoto, UAE FA Management Academy, University of Rome, 
and Economics, University of 
NeoNetwork, Zattoo, Qatar SportsTech, American Express, 
Laureate Doctor in Business 
serving companies like CONIFA, IMG, Infront, Walt Disney, Microsoft, 
nonprofit, academia, food, IT, automotive and factory automation, 
California
East in sectors like sports, media, new media, entertainment, 
 MBA, University of Southern 
Fabio worked in Europe, North America, Africa, Asia & the Middle 
London Business School 
organizations.
Sloan 2021
leading multicultural teams within startups and large well established 
Education
in several industries, over multiple territories by supporting and 
He has always been driving innovation and business development 
linkedin.com/in/fabiopuntillo
over 25 years of business experience gained over four continents.
Italy
Managing Director), Independent Consultant, Business Lecturer, with 
fpuntillo.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Fabio is a C-Suite Executive (General Manager, Vice President, 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Global General Manager – CONIFA
Fabio Puntillo
----------------Page (40) Break----------------
in Digital Transformation
Leadership and Strategy roles 
FinTech | Energy | Retail | 
CRM transformation project for a large telecom operator in the UK.
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               •                       Led a team of 300+ technology experts to deliver one of the largest 
Industries / functions keen 
projects across Latin America, Europe and Middle-East Asia.
successfully deployed them on technology implementations 
Strategy and Execution
•                       Scaled a team of niche technology experts from 50 to 120 and 
| Technology Solutioning | 
increased revenue from $2M to $20M.
Programme Management 
300 spread across multiple locations in the Netherlands and India; 
Functional expertise
cable operator. Successfully scaled up the project team from 80 to 
•                       Led technology transformation program for a leading European 
Information Technology 
Career highlights
Telecommunication | 
Previous industry experience
vision to create an impact on peoples life.  
He is exploring entrepreneurship in the HealthTech space with a 
Teams and Organizations  
Bahrain, Dubai, Jordan, Nigeria, Chile, and Columbia.
Management | Leading Large 
experience across multiple countries – the UK, The Netherlands, 
Telecom IT Delivery | Program 
multi-location and culturally diverse environments. He has working 
Technology Transformation | 
specific business objectives, he has set up and led large teams in 
Skills
building and coaching teams with niche technology skills to achieve 
substantial financial and performance benefits. With experience in 
Engineering
Ali is an expert in IT delivery frameworks for large programs delivering 
Diploma in Mechanical 
value to both operators and subscribers.
 Bachelor of Commerce 
generation IT systems that leverage the telecom network and bring 
worked with CTO/CIO teams in defining and implementing next-
London Business School 
operators around the world. He has a strong customer focus and has 
Sloan 2021
to implement cutting edge technology solutions for large Telecom 
Education
Over the past 20+ years, he led multiple transformation programs 
conditions and achieving stretch targets.
linkedin.com/in/aliasger/
record of leading global multi-cultural teams through challenging 
United Kingdom
management of technology transformation. He has a successful track 
london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               strategic planning & execution, capability building, and global delivery 
arampurwala.sln2021@                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Ali is an energetic and result-oriented leader with core expertise in 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Digital Transformation
AliAsger Rampurwala
 
----------------Page (41) Break----------------
logistic) through effective collaboration, planning and controls.
(from decentralisation supply chain to centralisation sourcing and 
•                       Commercial and retail strategy for emerging market and the UK 
C-suite | not-for profit | NED
Apparel and Beauty | Finance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              opportunities, Capex payback and e-commerce.
Consumer Good Industry |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •        Maintained business expansions ensuring awarness of commercial 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    portfolio from Tax Digital to SRM and Stock replenishment.
Industries / functions keen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             •        Sponsored partnership to drive digital innovations. Sufficient project 
various functions in the UK.
analytics | Transformation | IT
establishing Finance Shared Service in Poland and outsourcing 
Corporate Strategy | Data 
•                       Finance and operational turmaround for the UK buisness (£3.5bn) 
Financial control | FP&A | 
Career highlights
Functional expertise
innovations in processes and products.
Retail | FMCG  
Galina design new business opportunities for organisations and drive 
Understanding the customer journey, energy, and power helped 
Previous industry experience
of the team and the organisation.
channel | cash management
naturally inclined to forward-thinking to ensure the long term success 
finance | turnaround | omni-
business growth and new objectives for organisations. Galina is 
Leadership | collaboration | 
with 5-9 direct reports. She has always been concerned about 
regulatory changes, and she managed teams of up to 200 people 
Skills
Galina has a great capacity to learn and adapt to economic and 
Management, Moscow
business growth, efficiency and customer satisfaction.
Audit, State University of 
strong finance service with a constant focus on delivering sustainable 
 MSc in Accounting and 
approachable, and committed to providing business partnership and 
France, Poland and over the last 4 years in the UK. She is accountable, 
London Business School 
PLC for over 14 years, Galina had the opportunity to work in Russia, 
Sloan 2021
e-commerce and operational excellence. Working for Kingfisher 
Education
She has strong record in financial control, business performance, 
cross-cultural digital and operational projects.
a134476a/
shaped her experience and directions, leading cross-functional and 
linkedin.com/in/galina-safina-
on getting the best out of herself and her team. She constantly 
Russia / United Kingdom
large organisations in the consumer goods industry. Galina focused 
gsafina.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Galina is an international Finance Leader with solid experience in 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Director of Business Performance, Kingfisher PLC 
Galina Safina
----------------Page (42) Break----------------
businesses and SMEs 
entrepreneurship for family 
Corporate turnaround and                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          best documentary viewership in Japan.
parents; gained 16% rating (over 20 million people watching), and 
to explore
programme, ‘Old Enough’, focused on child’s first errand apart from 
Industries / functions keen 
•                       Supervised 20 production staff and directed documentary 
programme                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          through his original inventions for consumers, including this case.
management | Directing TV                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     improves functionality; annual sales increased 1.7% ($100,000) 
transformation | Sales | R&D                                                                                                                                                                                                           product, ‘-5C smartphone case’, which cuts electrical heat and 
Corporate Strategy | Corporate                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               •        Led R&D and manufacturing divisions in the launch of the new 
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        a BtoB business model to a DtoC model through digitalization.
Transformation (DX) division in 2020 to lead the transformation from 
manufacturing | Broadcasting                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              •        Successfully changed the organization by establishing a new Digital 
Electronic component 
Career highlights
Previous industry experience
network across the globe.  
changing environment and is looking forward to enhanching his 
management 
enhanced his strategic thinking and transforming capabilities in a 
Innovative product 
to expand domestic business globally. London Business School has 
transformation |
After the Sloan programme, he will take over the company and aims 
Creativity | Corporate 
with powerful business storytelling.
Skills
transformed into a business context and become a visionary leader 
a scenario of his documentary programme, which successfully 
University
In addition, he is an excellent ‘storyteller’. As a TV director, he wrote 
(History and Folklore), Waseda 
 Bachelor of Arts in Literature 
company and bringing in massive profits.
the electric component manufacturing industry, turning around the 
London Business School 
content. After the transition, he also invented original products in 
Sloan 2021
His strength is ‘creativity’. As a TV director, he produced much original 
Education
leading its turnaround successfully.
his family’s business in 2018, an electronic component manufacturing, 
4626214b
produce programmes, he moved to take charge as a board director in 
linkedin.com/in/ryutaro-sasa-
commercial television network, where he was directing teams to 
United Kingdom / Japan
at Nippon Television Network Corporation (NTV), Japan’s largest 
rsasa.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Ryutaro has a unique background: After 17 years as a TV director 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Board Director, Sunhayato Corp.
Ryutaro Sasa
----------------Page (43) Break----------------
strategic, operational and financial risks.
implementing risk mitigation measures, contributing to reducing 
•        He identified new business opportunities and advised boards on 
Impact | Healthcare
General Management | Social                                                                                                                                                                                                                 governance practices for a leading healthcare corporation.
Consulting | ESG Assurance |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         firm. He established the internal audit department and corporate 
•                       Ahmed built-up a new professional service line at a Big4 consulting 
to explore
Industries / functions keen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 education advisors of the Institute of Internal Auditors.
practices. He is a member of the global committee of research and 
Compliance                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         corporate governance, internal auditing and assurance leading 
Auditing | Risk Management |                                                                                                                                                                                                         •        Ahmed advised organizations and high profile executives on 
Corporate Governance | Internal 
Career highlights
Functional expertise
culture, values, inclusion and governance.      
foster trust and impact. He truly appreciates the significance of 
Education 
relationship creator who believes in long-lasting connections that 
Consulting | Healthcare | 
challenging and ambiguous environments. He is a value and 
Previous industry experience
Ahmed is at his best when he is solving important problems in 
Value” in 2015.
Management 
Ahmed received PwC Award for “Delivering Exceptional Clients’ 
ERM | Business Ethics | Change
Stakeholder Engagement |
their career journeys.
Strategic Leadership |
providing mentorship and coaching to nurture individuals through 
highperforming teams with a clear vision and purpose, and 
Skills
delivering excellent value. He believes in collaboration and creating 
well as outsourcing and developing on-site and off-site teams 
Administration
Ahmed has led transition and transformation programmes as 
Doctor of Business 
frameworks TCFD, SDGs, SASB and GRI.
CPA | CIA | MBA 
sustainability, and governance with an in-depth knowledge of ESG 
London Business School  
Ahmed is an ESG Doctoral researcher, passionate about healthcare, 
Sloan 2021
empathic, adaptable, and resourceful.
Education
medical centre. He is a methodical and goal-oriented leader, yet 
Ahmed is a former Chief Audit Executive for a world-class academic 
shawky-cae/
executives and boards.
linkedin.com/in/ahmed-
corporations. Ahmed has extensive experience with high profile 
United Kingdom
experience with the Big 4 consulting firms and world-class 
london. edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Governance professional with almost two decades of professional 
amohammed.sln2021@                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 A seasoned Assurance, Risk Management and Corporate 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Board Advisor | Healthcare Audit and Governance Executive 
Mohammed
Ahmed Shawky 
----------------Page (44) Break----------------
Renewable energy
sector start-ups | NED | 
Storage Consultant | Energy 
Chief Strategy Officer | Energy 
research grant.
citations?user=U_4reI4AAAAJ&hl=en) and securing a US$274,000 
to explore
25 peer-reviewed papers (https://scholar.google.com/
Industries / functions keen 
•                       Research in renewable energy materials, publishing over 
Entrepreneurship
commissioning of a new alkali products manufacturing plant.
Consultancy |
involving engineering, procurement, construction and 
Project Management/
•        On-time and on-budget efficient delivery of a NZ$3m project 
R&D/Technical Management |
NZ$35M kraft pulp mill upgrade project.
Strategy and Leadership |
•                       Successfully managed and delivered the detailed engineering of a 
Functional expertise
Technical Director for 9 years (2006 – 2015).
•                       Co-founded a biodiesel manufacturing company and served as its 
& Paper Manufacturing 
Consulting Engineering | Pulp                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   technologies in Africa.
Materials Research | Biofuels |                                                                                                                                                                                                               continental strategy for the adoption of emerging battery 
Lithium-ion Batteries | Energy                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Expert Panel on Next-Generation Batteries, developed the 
•                       As Lead of the African Union Development Agency (AUDANEPAD) 
Previous industry experience
Career highlights
Learning | Technical Writing 
and thermoelectrics.  
Management | Machine
including lithium-ion batteries, zinc-air batteries, hydrogen, fuel cells, 
and Coaching | Change
his published innovative research spanning a range of technologies 
R&D Management | Mentoring
Elvis’ expertise in renewable energy materials is demonstrated by 
Development | Project and
| Strategy and New Venture
are the fuel of his engine, without which life will stall.
Leadership and Team Building
fast and excellence-focused learner; challenge, curiosity and discovery 
creativity in problem solving, strategy development, and leadership. A 
Skills
Elvis thrives in complex and ambiguous environments demanding 
NUST-Zimbabwe
Zimbabwe), he quickly adapts to new cultural environments.
BASc Chem.
countries (Australia, New Zealand, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, UK, and 
complex engineering project. Having already lived and worked in six 
University of Queensland
comfortable in any capacity at any stage in the life cycle of a large and 
MSc Chem. Eng.
and leading cross-functional/multi-cultural teams, Elvis will be 
 PhD Physics &
of process industries together with deep experience in building 
London Business School 
to commissioning across a diverse range (and geographic contexts) 
Sloan 2021
With unquestionable project management proficiency from concept 
Education
energy storage technologies.
contribute to Africa’s electrification efforts through sustainable 
1a9a0456
its natural resources for transformative technologies, Elvis aims to 
linkedin.com/in/elvisshoko-
Driven by a personal belief that the time is now for Africa to harness 
eshoko.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             Elvis is an entrepreneur, innovator, and a visionary leader at heart. 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Technical / R&D Executive 
Entrepreneur | Energy Consultant | 
Elvis Shoko
----------------Page (45) Break----------------
assess change control processes.
• Appointed as an interim global risk manager for a one-year period to 
functional
restrict potential frauds pro-actively.
Risk Management | Techno-
• Managed projects to implement cost effective compliance tools to 
| Entrepreneurship | ESG | 
sustainable control solution to be compliant.
Social Enterprise | Consulting 
generating savings of ~1m Euro. Subsequently, implemented a 
to explore
• Reduced non-compliance fee by 50% during Audit thereby 
Industries / functions keen 
consultants.
time and 50% cost reduction by replacing external vendors and 
Technology | Governance
teams for enhanced business satisfaction, reduced turnaround 
Risk Management | Information 
•        Spearheaded entire hiring and set-up process of diversified internal 
Functional expertise
Career highlights
Technology Services 
adaptable to changes. 
Retail | Chemicals | Information 
determined and curious person, always eager to learn, innovate and 
Pharmaceutical | Consulting | 
to build any kind of relationship personally and professionally. A 
Previous industry experience
She possesses strong people and networking skills that are key 
is complexity and pain points to provide solutions using technology.
functional | SAP ERP 
managers, quality directors, business process owners) to assess the as-
Relationship Building | Techno-
in working closely with stakeholders (CIOs, internal auditors, risk 
Skills | Developing Teams | 
procedures, approval authorities, SOX, ITGC controls. She is versed 
Risk Management | Analytical 
guidelines, Segregation of Duties framework, standard operating 
Skills
and minimizing risks. She has ensured compliance to access control 
governance frameworks for companies, creating business value 
PMP and Six Sigma Green Belt
advising and laying the compliance models, internal controls and 
management. Before joining LBS, she was an independent consultant, 
(Computer Science)
She is highly experienced in areas of security, controls and risk 
 Bachelor of Engineering 
external audits whilst managing stakeholders.
London Business School 
been instrumental in leading successful and effective internal and 
Sloan 2021
various process improvement and cost reduction initiatives. Have 
Education
manufacturing, and IT services. As a business enabler, she has led 
companies across various industry sectors, including consulting, 
singhi/
She has gained a diverse range of experience at multinational 
linkedin.com/in/ranjana-bhansali-
and education.
India
purpose-driven life, specifically in women empowerment, healthcare, 
rsinghi.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Ranjana is passionate about creating an impact and leading a 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Advisory, Consulting and Risk Management Professional
Ranjana Singhi
----------------Page (46) Break----------------
Investing | M&A
Private Equity | Turnaround 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
Capital Raising
Strategic Direction and Advice | 
Functional expertise
Jewelry | Match Making 
Skincare and Cosmetics | Pets | 
Smartphones | Fintech 
Real Estate Investing | 
books for individuals and firms looking to invest in real estate.
Previous industry experience
•                       Authored multiple courses, coaching products, software and How-To 
mitigate risk and reduce equity outlay.
Syndications 
•        Leveraged different acquisition and financing techniques to 
| Investor Relations | 
Business Development                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    private debt capital.
•        Analyzed, acquired, repositioned distressed real estate. Raised 
Skills
Career highlights
Wisconsin-Madison 
and minimize investment risk.  
Computer Science, University of 
His insights compress the time it takes to experience financial growth 
 BS in Electrical Engineering & 
by explaining complex topics with stunning simplicity.
London Business School 
He shortens the learning curve for both new and seasoned professionals 
Sloan 2021
for his clients which range from large corporations to individual investors. 
Education
This distinction has allowed him to create exceptional training programs 
possible arbitrage opportunities.
linkedin.com/in/suhailtayeb/ 
him a unique perspective on market conditions, asset values and 
United States of America
investment experience and background in property valuation give 
stayeb.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Suhail Tayeb is a strategic advisor to real estate investors. His direct 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Managing Director, Noble Steed, Inc.
Suhail Tayeb
----------------Page (47) Break----------------
| Media
| Energy | FMCG | Retail | Social 
YOY revenues.
Consumer Durables | Telecom 
using Bing, google and programmatic ads, resulting in $200 million 
to explore
•                       Planned and executed a high-volume lead generation strategy 
Industries / functions keen 
25 countries’ e-commerce platform and product planning.
channels,categories,and special deals. Co-led teams responsible for 
Performance marketing  
•                      Increased ROI and decreased CPA to 1/3 by using the innovative 
to market | Paid Advertising | 
| Vendor management | Go 
effectively across media channels.
Marketing strategy | Budgeting 
influencer, and mass sampling that deliver on brand KPIs & Budget 
3X growth integrating social, video, search, programmatic, OTT, 
Functional expertise
• Led strategy and execution of global paid media plan growth with 
Advertising 
Career highlights
| Retail | Auto | Real estate | 
Consumer Durables | Telecom 
value chain innovations.
performance, social listening to achieve competitive advantage and 
Previous industry experience
consumer data platforms, and consumer experience strategies. A&P 
services from MarTech vendors specializing in consumer technology, 
Communications 
effective technological resources in implementation and deployment 
Transformation | GTM | ESG 
has a proven track record of enhancing financial results by using 
| Brand strategy | Digital 
promotions, ensuring brand reinforcement and brand value. He 
Corporate strategy & marketing 
running international initiatives, as well as advertising and PR& 
Skills
campaigns. He has served in senior marketing leadership roles, 
preparation and implementation of CPM, CPC, and marketing 
competitiveness
He also led a global team of executives responsible for the strategic 
Microeconomics of 
marketing, Channels/distribution campaigns etc.
Bachelors in Journalism
performance marketing, and inbound marketing(UI,UX driven),drip 
programmatic, search engine marketing, social media marketing, 
BBA
He led & managed 360 paid campaign platforms, including 
Pg Diploma in AI & ML
tracking KPIs, data driven funnel metrics and is a Thought Leader.
 MBA
Annual marketing budgeting & planning, SAAS metrics, defining goals, 
(Plan & Implement), Last mile execution, Stakeholder management, 
London Business School 
transformation, ESG, GTM, Growth Marketing, Integrated Marketing 
Sloan 2021
Chandraketu holds expertise in Global strategy, CLM, Digital 
Education
North America, Africa, the European Union, Asia, and Australia.
automotive, advertising, and telecommunications, & others) spanning 
chandraketutripathi/
across a range of industries (consumer durables, real estate, 
linkedin.com/in/
public relations departments with multimillion-dollar corporations 
India
directing and overseeing global business marketing, branding, and 
ketusloan@gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Chandraketu has over 18 years of sales & marketing experience 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Marketing Leadership | Digital Innovation | GTM Strategist
Chandraketu Tripathi
----------------Page (48) Break----------------
B2C ones by adopting innovative practice.
cost by merging the B2B new businses application platform with the 
•                      Challenged status quo and successfully saved £200K development 
support business growth and portfolio diverisfication.
insurance product offering
businses. Strong in implementing ad-hoc strategic project that 
| Reinsurance |  Innovative 
•                      Launched series of star products that contributed 80% of the new 
Life and General Insurance 
can be implemented smoothly to drive business result.
to explore
to support the business expansion plan and ensure the action plan 
Industries / functions keen 
established, e.g., businses development, training and sales support, 
•                       Built a brand new team from scratch with various functions 
Marketing
Product Development | 
Career highlights
Account Management | 
her innovative insurance product ideas into reality.
Functional expertise
President of Micro Insurance Company to explore the feasibility to put 
needs. In addition, she is now working with the Executive Vice 
Services 
know more about the UK insurance market and the local customers’ 
Insurance | Banking & Financial 
leading insurance broker companies in the UK. She is interested to 
Previous industry experience
Sally will start her summer project in LifeSearch Insurance, one of the 
innovative product award in 2019.
Management Leadership 
internal competition held in AXA as the 2nd runner up for the 
| Development Partnership | 
industry. She got lots of creative ideas. She and her team won the 
Sales and Distribution Business 
Institute) in May 2021. It showed her passion for the insurance 
Skills
She obtained her Dip CII (Diploma in Insurance - Chartered Insurance 
life insurance products, e.g., Universal Life, Endowment, Term Life, etc.
Administration (BBA)
insurance company. She was specialised in tailoring a wide range of 
Bachelor of Business 
Pool. Before she joined AXA, she worked in HSBC and BOCG Life 
Bachelor in Actuarial Science 
coaching. She was one of the members of the AXA Hong Kong Talent 
the crisis and grew the team members’ capabilities by effective 
 Dip CII
across different departments to overcome great challenges during 
London Business School 
£128.5 million portfolios of general insurance policies. She led teams 
Sloan 2021
of AXA, with P/L accounting for the total premium of
Education
Most recently, she was appointed as the Head of Retail Bancasurrance 
She is good at tailoring effective marketing strategy.
ba281b47/
partners, e.g., HSBC and Citibank, to drive them to deliver sales results. 
linkedin.com/in/sally-tsui-
record in building strong relationships with strategic distribution 
United Kingdom
experience. She has successfully delivered sales result. She has a track 
stsui.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Sally is a seasoned business leader with more than 15 years of 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Head of Retail, Bancassurance
Sally Tsui
----------------Page (49) Break----------------
•        Mentored a number of Start-ups in Edu-Tech and HR-Tech.
interventions/projects for a number of clients across industies.
opportunities
•                       Drove Cultural Transformation and Leadership Capability Building 
Keen to explore new 
Facebook Users.
to explore
India and build and managed the Customer Care team supporting 
Industries / functions keen 
•        As Director of Facebook in India established Facebook office in 
Operations                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   mangers from Google US.
Talent Management | Business                                                                                                                                                                                                                    and Sales support offices in India/ J-APAC working with expatriate 
Leadership & Strategy | HR &                                                                                                                                                                                                     •        First Manager hire for Google India. Established Engineering, Sales 
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Career highlights
experience and new skills acquired as a Sloan Fellow across industries.
Consulting 
Manoj is looking into transitioning into a role that leverages his 
Internet | Education and 
Information Technology | 
prioritizing social impact projects.
manages a Charitable Trust and helps them in fundraising and 
Previous industry experience
and mentors several start-ups in Strategy and Operations. He also 
Manoj is passionate about building the next generation of leaders 
Problem Solving 
and Consulting | Analytical and 
business problems.
Strategic Thinking Leadership 
paced environment and has a structured/logical approach to solving 
talent and mentoring. He is at his best in a challenging and fast-
Skills
Manoj has a reputation as a strong people manager and for grooming 
Management
talent management/leadership development.
MBA, Xavier School of 
advised/led several transformation projects in organizational culture/ 
He has leveraged his early work experience in consulting and has 
Aligarh Muslim University 
build teams in remote locations working with global/corporate teams. 
 Phd (Business Administration) 
Human Resources and Operations teams. He set up offices, hired and 
London Business School 
At a Director/Regional functional head level, Manoj managed large 
Sloan 2021
Human Capital Consulting/Academics.
Education
like DELL, Google, and Facebook in India/Asia Pacific and working in 
two decades of work experience building and scaling organizations 
linkedin.com/in/manojvarghese1/
Manoj is a highly motivated and result-oriented professional with over 
India
two decades of work experience in India and Singapore.
manojv.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Manoj is a Business Operations / Human Resources Director with over 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Business Operations / Human Resources Director
Manoj Varghese
----------------Page (50) Break----------------
Biotechnology | Consulting
in Deep Tech and Applied 
Acquisitions | Investments 
PE | Strategic Corporate 
to explore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Candidates.
Industries / functions keen                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 School, amongst an excellent peer group of Sloan Fellowship 
•                       Having the opportunity to spend a year studying at London Business 
| Strategic Decision Making
financing, and integration of two multi-national US based firms.
Banking & Finance | Leadership 
securing an engagement to support a multi-billion dollar merger, 
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        strategy for a large cap industrials company. That resulted in 
•                       Created and led a multi-year client facing sales and coverage 
Entrepreneurship 
clients across Canada and the Mid-West United States.
Corporate Development &
banking team, providing market coverage to a range of corporate 
Banking | M&A Advisory | 
•                       Developed, trained, coached and mentored a high performing 
Corporate & Investment
Career highlights
Previous industry experience
Cycling Club.
Integration | Tactical M&A 
involved in campus society, and is an active member of the LBS 
Management | Strategy & Asset
currently involved in two active business projects. He is also regularly 
Negotiations | Transaction
In addition to his studies at the London Business School, Graeme is 
Financial Structuring &
market and small cap client engagements.
Skills
the rapid growth of a sales pipeline consisting of high quality, mid-
proposition, market positioning, and sales strategy. This resulted in 
University of Victoria
initiatives. As a key partner, he helped to define the firm’s value 
Engineering & Comp. Sciences, 
on mission critical M&A activity, and other corporate development 
Vancouver Canada, providing strategic guidance to C-level executives 
Thompson Rivers University
a Principal and key partner at a boutique capital advisory firm in 
 BBA (Finance & Economics), 
Prior to attending the London School of Business, Graeme was 
London Business School 
a range of industries from Proptech to Industrials.
Sloan 2021
to support a number of transformational business transactions across 
Education
structuring, origination, and management of over $12Bn in financings 
chartered financial institutions, where he was involved in the 
Wallis-LBS
Mr. Wallis began his career working for one of Canada’s largest 
linkedin.com/in/Graeme-
transaction structuring, and negotiations.
Canada / United Kingdom
an extensive track record in end-to-end transaction management, 
gwallis.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              Graeme is an experienced banker and business professional with 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Corporate and Investment Banking | Capital Advisory
Graeme Wallis
----------------Page (51) Break----------------
manufacturer in the Philippines.
•       Negotiated a $675mn acquisition of the second largest tobacco 
distribution by setting up a sales force of 3000+ people.
strategy, redesigning the brand portfolio, and quadrupling 
•       Turned around the Indonesian BU of BAT by redefining corporate 
organisational effectiveness.
by overhauling the marketing and pricing strategy and improving 
•        Turned around the Turkish BU of BAT, growing sales volumes fivefold 
Consultant
Career highlights
CEO | NED | Independent 
of leaders in the organisations he has led.
to explore
are at the core of a flourishing business and he has left a strong legacy 
Industries / functions keen 
developing and emerging markets across several continents. People 
around ailing companies and start-ups, along with wide exposure to 
Turnarounds, | M&A
businesses. He has a proven track record of sustainably turning 
CEO roles | CMO roles | 
Jean-Jacques is passionate about transforming and growing 
Functional expertise
declining market trends and grew area profits by 120%. 
and Indochina Duty-Free retail as Area Director, where he reversed 
Tobacco 
recently, he oversaw operations for Vietnam, Philippines, Cambodia 
Fast Moving Consumer Goods | 
as increasing brand distribution from 17% to 80% in 18 months. Most 
Previous industry experience
Officer and brought stability and clarity to the brand portfolio, as well 
In 2011, Jean-Jacques moved to Indonesia as Group Chief Marketing 
Change Management 
first time in 20 years. 
Stakeholder Engagement | 
pricing, streamlined systems and cut costs, resulting in profits for the 
Strategic Leadership | 
to General Manager for Iberia in 2008. Here, he embedded vertical 
Skills
Marketing and Sales operations across 16 countries in 2007, and then 
Jean-Jacques was promoted to direct Middle East and Caucasus 
BSc Business Engineering, 1991
and quadrupled market share within one year. Based on this success, 
Sales Director for a start-up division, where he grew volumes by 500% 
 MSc Business Engineering, 1989
In 2004, he transitioned from London HQ to Turkey as Marketing and 
London Business School 
as Global Head of Brands. 
Sloan 2021
Ukraine, and Bangladesh, Jean-Jacques relocated to Europe in 2002 
Education
transformed performance and repositioned branding in Venezuela, 
of exposure to international trade before joining BAT in 1995. Having 
jeanjacqueswalravens
career started at Procter & Gamble in 1991 where he gained a breadth 
linkedin.com/in/
After completing his Masters degree in Business and Technology, his 
Belgium
leadership roles over a 24-year period. 
gmail.com                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          American Tobacco (BAT), where he enjoyed a diversity of multinational 
jean.jacques.walravens@                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        A senior executive and former Area Director for East Asia at British 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Former Business Unit CEO, British-American Tobacco
Jean-Jacques Walravens
----------------Page (52) Break----------------
Social Impact
Transformation | Turnaround | 
| Finance | NED | Growth & 
PE/VC portfolio management 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
Entrepreneur | Consulting
Finance | M&A | Corporate 
Functional expertise
•                       Cultivated inspiration, calmness and development in teams she led.
TMT | Business Services 
during Covid.
Manufacturing | Healthcare | 
market with a clearly-defined value proposition and outperformed 
Consumer & Retail | Industrial 
•                       Built up a remote team of 30 people from scratch in 1 year, went to 
Previous industry experience
ranging from tens of millions to several billion.
•        Trusted for advising local and global M&A transactions with sizes 
change | Developing people 
Building trust | Leading
Career highlights
Skills
contribute to driving both strategy and social impact.
growing business where her finance and M&A leadership skills will 
Certified Public Accountant
Grace is looking to transition to a finance executive position in a 
Chartered Financial Analyst 
corporate entrepreneurship by delivering execution excellence.
Business Administration 
also championed transformation initiatives and demonstrated strong 
 Bachelor of Management in 
projects in the past decade with exposure to diversified sectors. She 
in China. She has led over 120 M&A advisory / financial due diligence 
London Business School 
trusted advisor to a number of high-profile strategic and PE investors 
Sloan 2021
Currently working as an Associate Director in PwC Deals, Grace is a 
Education
transformation, leading teams and developing people.
of providing professional services, championing organisation 
2aaba15b/
between finance and operations. She has a successful track record 
linkedin.com/in/grace-ye-
partnership and achieving strategic agility via in-depth collaboration 
United Kingdom/China
with extensive experience in managing stakeholders in Sino-foreign 
gye.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Grace is an empathetic, innovative and result-focused business leader, 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Associate Director, PwC Deals
G r a c e  Ye
----------------Page (53) Break----------------
Transformation
| Corporate turnarounds | 
Sustainable Finance | Strategy 
to explore
Industries / functions keen 
DC, and London.
•       Born in Russia, lived and studied in Moscow, Beijing, Washington, 
Change Management
Risk Management |                                                                                                                                                                                         unions, suppliers, media, NGOs, and local communities.
Compliance | Due Diligence                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    engagement programs, interacting closely with investors, regulators, 
Stakeholder Engagement |                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        •                      Conducted precedent-setting public consultations and stakeholder 
ESG | EHS | Sustainability 
investment projects and multi-million dollar M&A deals.
Functional expertise                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    •                       Led comprehensive ESG/EHS programs for several USD 1.0+ Bn 
Career highlights
Chemicals | Metals & Mining 
governments, the private sector, and civil society.
Previous industry experience
this overarching goal is achievable through cooperation among 
Egor is an advocate for sustainable development and believes that 
Learning agility 
Team Leadership | Empathy | 
companies’ ‘social licenses to operate’.
with multiple internal and external stakeholders, strengthening his 
Skills
He has a proven track record of managing strategic relationships 
International Law
environmental policy and advocacy programs.
and financial excellence, M&A, compliance, risk management, 
 LL.M. in Environmental Law 
EHS problems, making him a valuable contributor to operational 
London Business School 
Egor is highly effective in diagnosing and solving complex ESG/
Sloan 2021
analytical, tactical, and communication skills.
Education
ESG/EHS culture and performance improvement by leveraging his 
executing the ESG/EHS agenda. He plays a pivotal role in driving 
linkedin.com/in/egor-yurkin/
He is a trusted advisor to Boards and the ‘C-suite’ on developing and 
United Kingdom / Russia
experience and a versatile skill set.
eyurkin.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Egor is a corporate ESG/EHS director with over 20 years of leadership 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Sloan Fellow, Leadership & Strategy, London Business School
Egor Yurkin
----------------Page (54) Break----------------
volatility of the derivatives with an efficient and seamless solution.
hedge accounting solution and protected the Bank’s P&L from the 
•       In partnership with QRM, developed and delivered macro and micro 
to the identification of P&L opportunities circa £10m.
increased the bank’s agility under stressed scenarios and contribute 
and ICAAP. Introduced additional shocked analysis, which has has 
•                      Responsible for the ILAAP and stress testing for Recovery Plan 
CFO/COO
Fintech | Start-up | ESG | 
£100m Tier 2 capital and RMBS of £333m.
addition, provided technical support for other £75m Additional Tier 1, 
to explore
from UK GAAP, as part of IPO exercise which raised £226mil. In 
Industries / functions keen 
•                       Led Treasury accounting and contributed to IFRS conversion project 
Finance
Career highlights
Management | Corporate 
keen to make a positive impact in the organisation he works with.
Business Partnering | Risk 
best when the organisation’s culture promotes inclusiveness. He is 
Liability Management | 
Hakim enjoys solving complex and challenging problems and at his 
Finance & Treasury | Asset 
stakeholders and managing multiple overlapping deadlines.
Functional expertise
(ICAAP). These processes required interaction with a diverse range of 
the analysis that fed the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Plan 
Banking | Audit & Assurance 
Plan (ILAAP) and enhancing the stress testing capabilities, including 
Private Banking | Retail 
covered the delivery of an Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment 
Previous industry experience
budgeting, and the 5-Year Plan process. In addition, his scope also 
mainly on the production of management reporting, managing 
transformation 
He subsequently moved to a private bank. His responsibilities were 
Leadership | Strategy | Finance 
the £1.3b takeovers by a South African bank in 2018.
Skills
securitisation. Following a successful IPO in 2015, he also facilitated 
strategic projects such as IFRS conversion, IPO, debt issuance, and 
London School of Economics
treasury management system, and general ledger system; to more 
BSc Accounting and Finance, 
implementations such as regulatory reporting, hedge accounting, 
for delivering various successful finance projects ranging from system 
Chartered Accountant (FCCA) 
Initial Public Offering (IPO) process. He had proven tracked records 
 Chartered Treasurer (FCT) 
for treasury and savings products, and preparing the Bank for the 
solid teams, providing practical and efficient accounting solutions 
London Business School 
bank in the retail banking space. He played a crucial role in building 
Sloan 2021
The transition to the banking industry took place with a challenger 
Education
depth of different geographies, sectors, and industries.
seconded to the London office. This has given him a breadth and 
fcca-fct
in Audit and Assurance was with the Kuala Lumpur office before 
linkedin.com/in/hakim-zainol-
two of the Big Four of international audit firms. His initial exposure 
United Kingdom
He has been in financial services for over 18 years and trained with 
hzainol.sln2021@london.edu                                                                                                                                                                                                      Hakim is an experienced senior finance leader and a trusted advisor. 
Contact                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Bio
Senior Finance Professional
Hakim Zainol
----------------Page (55) Break----------------
A Graduate School of the University of London
www.london.edu
Fax+44 (0)20 7000 7001
Tel +44 (0)20 7000 7000
United Kingdom
London NW1 4SA
Regent’s Park
London Business School
----------------Page (56) Break----------------
